{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Lexi Townsend","q1":"When the number of protons is set to 20 I only a few of them would slightly veer off to their path. The particles did not necessarily move exactly in a straight line but they did move slowly and only a few would get close enough to be pushed off their paths a little bit.  ","q2":"Increasing the proton count to 60, the particles did bump into each other and the the nuclei more than at 20 protons. They were projected off harder and faster than with the simulation set on 20 protons. ","q3":"The change to 100 protons is very different than when I first started at 20 protons. At first, they mainly all went straight through. However, when you change it to 100 protons, you have particles bouncing all the way back and completely off to the sides. ","q4":"I think when you're adding more and more protons that the positive charge in the nucleus gets stronger and stronger, so the positive charges alpha particles don't have to get as close for their paths to be changed. Plus, the more protons the bigger the nucleus, so there is not as much space for them to travel without encountering that force. ","q5":"I think the amount of neutrons does change how the alpha particles travel. ","q6":"Even though neutrons have no charge, the more neutrons you have the heavier that atom is, and more space is taken up in the nucleus. I played around with the lab for a while and I personally didn't think it was a huge change, but you could tell that the more neutrons I added, the more the alpha particles would change course compared to when I had a less amount of neutrons. ","q7":"The alpha particles rarely touched the nucleus, they would get just a little too close and be propelled off slightly in a different direction. ","q8":"With 60 protons the alpha particles do not touch the nucleus ever, and they are veered off further away than when they were with 20 protons. Some will get propelled off further, but not entirely in the opposite direction. ","q9":"With 20 protons the particles were just pushed off a little, with 100 protons, some of the particles would get repelled in the completely opposite direction than when they were first traveling. ","q10":"The alpha particles take an almost completely straight path through. ","q11":"Rutherford's simulation, even with only 20 protons they were not always straight through. Majority of the alpha particles would still be veered off their path even in the slightest bit, but never completely straight. ","q12":"After Rutherford found that a select few particles would be deflected from their original path, this told him that the atom is mostly empty space with a positively charged nucleus at the center. The plum pudding model shows that the entire atom inside is dense. ","q13":"Alpha particles have a positive charge and so does the nucleus, like charges do not attract each other. ","q14":"An isotope are elements with the same number of protons and electrons, but a different number of neutrons. So they have the same atomic number, but they have different mass numbers. ","q15":"An element is made up of only one type of atom. It cannot be broke","q16":"I would add the number of protons and neutrons to get the mass. Then I would find the atomic number that correlates with the amount of protons given to find the name. ","q17":"I would find the name of the element on the periodic table and use the atomic number and add it to the number of neutrons to get the mass. ","q18":"Nature's Mix shows the natural abundance of the isotopes and how common they are when in nature. ","q19":"I do not agree with this statement because every element has a different natural abundance for each of their isotopes, so the chances of finding one isotope that has an abundance of 99.734% is way more likely than finding the isotope of that same element with an abundance of ","avgsi":"29","q21":"I put all the same amounts of each isotope into the simulation, and then found that Silicon-28 is more abundant, so they would not be equal parts.","avgfemass":"55.85","q22":"Exactly the same except I rounded my answer. ","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"Nitrogen-14 is more abundant than Nitrogen-15, so you would be way more likely to find it in dirt rather than Nitrogen-15."}