{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Khristana Harper","q1":"The alpha particles go straight on the path until they come close to the nucleus then will avoid contact ","q2":"Yes, once the alpha particles reach a nucleus, the alpha particles will change direction","q3":"The alpha particles still go straight on the path but when they hit the nucleus, they will bounce off in different or even opposite directions","q4":"Because of the increased protons","q5":"No, it does not change how the alpha particles travel","q6":"Because the nucleus will deflect the alpha particles","q7":"The alpha particles move slightly away from the red/gray sphere","q8":"The alpha particles are forced further away, like a magnet repelling away. ","q9":"The alpha particles bounce off from the nucleus. The higher number of protons seem to make the particles bounce off further.","q10":"The alpha particles take a straight path","q11":"The Rutherford simulation showed the alpha particles going in different directions","q12":"Rutherford discovered the atomic nucleus, explaining the new evidence disproving Thomson's model","q13":"The alpha particles were deflected by the nucleus because the protons put off a charge high enough to deflect off the charge from the nucleus. ","q14":"An isotope is a variant of a chemical element where atoms have the same number of protons, also known as the atomic number, and electrons, but differ in the number of neutrons, resulting in a different mass number for each isotope of that element.","q15":"An atom is the smallest particle of an element, meaning that an element is made up of atoms. Elements are basic substances that cannot be broken up into smaller substances. Isotopes are atoms with the same atomic number but different neutron numbers.","q16":"The mass number is equal to the sum of protons and neutrons, and the atomic number is the number of protons. Subtracting the atomic number from the mass number gives the number of neutrons","q17":"The given element Lithium has 3 electrons, 3 protons, and 4 neutrons. The mass number is the sum of number of protons and neutrons. This means the mass number of the isotope is 7.","q18":"","q19":"The statement is false because the percentage of occurrence of an isotope can't be defined for all elements since this information varies. Even though there is a percentage of occurrence of isotopes in nature, the percentage varies among elements. Isotopes are chemical elements that have the same number of protons, but the elements have different neutrons and mass numbers. Carbon has three naturally occurring isotopes: Carbon-12, Carbon-13, and Carbon-14, with Carbon-12 being the largest. ","avgsi":"","q21":"","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":""}