{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Trinity Tedford","q1":"I noticed that a lot of the alpha particles went in one direction, but if they got close to the nucleus that is when they'd slightly bounce off of it into different directions. ","q2":"Yes, I noticed that the alpha particles bounced off the nucleus into different directions a bit farther than with the 20 protons. ","q3":"Because protons are positive, adding more and more protons causes the alpha particles to bounce further away from the nucleus. ","q4":"As I learned more about electric charges in my Chemistry Lecture class, I learned that electric charges with the same charge are likely to repel against each other. So, since alpha particles and protons are positively charged, this causes them to repel or bounce off of each other.   ","q5":"No","q6":"Adding or removing the neutrons doesn't change how the alpha particles move. Since neutrons have no charge, it doesn't affect the direction of alpha particles. ","q7":"In this model, I saw the same with how they moved. Some of the alpha particles would slightly bounce off of the nucleus, but the others went straight through into one direction. ","q8":"Now that this model shows a close up of how the alpha particles move, I've noticed a drastic difference. Not just a few, but all of the alpha particles moved. Even if it didn't get close to the nucleus, they'd all move in different directions away from the nucleus. Only a few were able to get close to the nucleus.","q9":"When I increased the number of protons to 100, none of the alpha particles touched the nucleus. Since the nucleus had so many positively charged protons, the alpha particles didn't stand a chance. ","q10":"All of the alpha particles are going in one direction, which is straight forward. ","q11":"This model is different because there is no nucleus, so all of the alpha particles just go straight through without any bouncing. Thomson hadn't yet discovered protons or neutrons, which are contained inside the nucleus. ","q12":"Our model of the atom changed once we figured out that electrons don't move in a set path. Our new model shows that electrons move in waves and that they're able to be found within the orbital of the QM model. This doesn't mean we can find the exact location of an electron, but we have an idea of where it might be. ","q13":"They were deflected because protons are located within the nucleus. Protons are also positively charged, just like alpha particles, and because they are both positive this causes them to repel against each other. So, when alpha particles are being directed at the nucleus that's what causes them to deflect away from the nucleus. ","q14":"Isotopes are just atoms but of the same element. The only difference with an isotope is the number of neutrons, but the number of protons stays the same. Within an element it has a mass number (A) and atomic number (Z). Finding the number of protons is easy, just look on the periodic table and it's the number above the element. Once you find the protons, that's your atomic number and the number of electrons the element has. In order to find the mass number, you'd have to add the number of protons and number of neutrons together. Lastly, in order to find the neutrons, just subtract the mass number from the atomic number. ","q15":"Compare: All are similar and connected to each other in some way. Both elements and atoms cannot be broken down into simpler substances. Atoms make an element, which makes the element an atom. Isotopes are also atoms. \n\n\nContrast: Although isotopes are atoms, they're atoms of the same element. \n\n","q16":"","q17":"","q18":"","q19":"","avgsi":"","q21":"","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"","isotope2":"","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}