{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Marquavius Bates","q1":"They are going forward towards the gold foil. Also, whenever they get close to the atom, they bounce off and turn in different directions.","q2":"yes, they are going at a curve instead of straight in the middle. They go straight for a second then start at an angle to the left or right.","q3":"a lot of the protons are going in different directions. Hitting the nucleus more and bouncing off of them.","q4":"I think that since the protons are changing it will lead to a stronger repulsive force.","q5":"No","q6":"No, because the number of neutrons does not directly affect the movement of the particles going through the foil.","q7":"They are mostly moving straight until some particles get near the nucleus and then they do diverge away from the nucleus. ","q8":"The particles are now going at a curve going away from the nucleus. ","q9":"at 20 protons the particles were going straight going past the nucleus. But now at 100 protons, the particles are diverging before passing the nucleus and going in diffrent directions. ","q10":"They are going straight passing through the model","q11":"it's different because none of the particles are bouncing off of something and they are completely going straight. ","q12":"rutherford observed more of the particles passing through and bouncing off the postivily charged atoms","q13":"because the alpha particles in the Rutherford model are postivily charged and the nucleus is also positively charged so they get deflected instead of attracting it. ","q14":"An element's isotope is a kind of element with the equivalent atomic number, but it has a different mass than the atomic number due to the growth of neutrons. An isotope's mass number is the sum of its protons and neutrons. Hence, while an element's isotopes have similar proton and electron numbers, they vary in neutron numbers, which gives different mass numbers.","q15":"Comparison: These three words are normally used to explain a classification of matter in the discipline of science.\nWhereas an element is a single type of atom defined by the atomic number, an atom is the basic form of an element, and an isotope is simply a new version of an atom with the same proton number but a different neutron number.\n\nContrast: An element refers to a broad classification that is made up of all atoms of that element.\nAn element is the only case of that particular element.\nAn isotope is a direct identification of a specific atom with a different mass number.","q16":"Add the number of protons and neutrons. to name the isotope I will base it off of its mass number. ","q17":"1. look up the atomic number\n2. add the number of protons and neutrons to find the mass number \n","q18":"In my mix, they are no particles in my mixture beforehand. \nIn nature's mix there are a lot of particles in the mixture and I can't add anymore hydrogen-1. ","q19":"some of the elements have only one stable isotope, whereas some of the others have many of them. For example, iron has four stable isotopes respectively with different natural abundances while gold has only one stable isotope. One of the points that this unevenness in the distribution of isotopes makes is the fact that one isotope of a similar element can be created in sums that aren't the same, and the reason for this is the discovery of the specificity of atoms and their entangled histories.","avgsi":"28.9747","q21":"1. use a mass spectrometer to measure the abundance\n2. compare the measure of isotopic\n3. I will calculate the weighted average mass.","avgfemass":"55.8747","q22":"1. The calculated average mass, 55.8747amu is very close to the periodic table value.\n2. The atomic mass from the periodic table compared to the weighted isotopes. \n3. the difference between my information and the periodic table is the variations of isotopes. while the periodic table has the most accurate isotopes. ","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"this is most likely found in dirt because the isotopes of nitrogen are most commonly found in dirt. "}