{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Jateria Johnson","q1":"The paths start off straight and curve/skew to different directions when it comes close to the nucleus. ","q2":"When increased to 60 protons, the curves/skews intensify from when there were 20 protons. The lines are scattering going in left and right directions from each other.  ","q3":"The increase shows the alpha particles when they reach the nucleus they immediately scatter away in all directions. ","q4":"The alpha particles change paths because there are both protons in the nucleus and the alpha particles that drives both away from each other because they have the same charge. ","q5":"When the numbers are the same, the particles travel faster and in opposite directions just like when we changed the proton numbers. ","q6":"Because they have the same charge and when they have the same number of protons they move away from each other drastically.","q7":"The alpha particles move towards the nucleus and once it approaches it, they go in opposite directions away from the nucleus because of the protons in the nucleus. ","q8":"When the alpha particles have 60 protons in the nucleus, before the particles reach the nucleus, they are \"running away\" from the nucleus in opposite directions.","q9":"At 20 protons, the alpha particles would at least come close to the nucleus, while at 100 protons, the alpha particles do not reach the nucleus at all. ","q10":"They are going straight ahead/up on the Plum Pudding Atom. ","q11":"Since this model does not have a nucleus, the protons and electrons are evenly distributed throughout. ","q12":"Rutherford's experiment showed a concentrated nucleus that had certain amount of protons in it that would show different deflections of the particles.","q13":"Because they had the same charge and when they have the same charge they will repel/ move away from each other. ","q14":"Isotopes have the same number of protons which is also the atomic number. When it is a neutral charge, the number of protons and electrons are the same. The mass number of an isotope is the total number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus of an isotope. We know this number is different from each other but it is the different isotopes of a same element. ","q15":"An element is a specified atom that has its own specific number of protons and the isotope is a variation of the atom because it has different number of neutrons but the same number of protons.","q16":"I would find the mass and name of an isotope by knowing the number of protons and the mass number (protons and neutrons) to name the isotope. Depending on the number of protons determines the name of the isotope. ","q17":"I would find the mass of an isotope by calculating the number of protons and neutrons ","q18":"","q19":"","avgsi":"","q21":"","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"","isotope2":"","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}