{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Summer Lewis","q1":"When protons are set to 20 the alpha particle gun is firing the particles toward the foil. However, most particles are going straight pass the atom.","q2":"Yes, because some are going straight through, and some are bouncing off when hitting the foil.","q3":"When increasing the number of particles, they will start to bounce off each other. Which causes them to go anywhere. Whereas if you had a low amount, you will be able to let them go straight through. In conclusion they are pulling away from one another and because there are more protons. Which causes there to be more nucleus in the path.","q4":"However, protons would have a positive charge which makes neutrons neutral charge. So, adding together the proton and neutron would give the particle a positive two charge which causes them to be repelled.","q5":"No, it does not change because neutrons, hold no charge.","q6":"However, if you have 20 protons and 80 neutrons the particles are still going straightforward. Whereas if the protons were set to 100 the particles would still repel each other because they have no charge.","q7":"They move straight forward but when getting close to the nucleus they repelled away.","q8":"They slightly move straight but bounce away.","q9":"With 20 protons they went straight and sightly bend to get away from the nucleus. Whereas 100 protons they procced to bounce off and repel away from the nucleus very hard.","q10":"Basically, a straight path through the atom .","q11":"However, the plum pudding does not show a nucleus, so it shows us that the particles are just going through the atom. Whereas Rutherford shows us how the particles are either going to repelled or go straight through depending on the number of protons.","q12":"Even though the protons at one point of time would go straight through the atom. It wouldn't prove to us what would happen if we gained more protons.","q13":"However, there is positively charge protons in the nucleus which causes them to repel because how strong the proton is in the nucleus.","q14":"An isotope is when an element gets two or more of the same number of protons and electrons but different number of neutrons. However, you could have the same atomic number and different mass number.","q15":"An atom is the smallest building block of matter whereas it's just a proton and neutron added together to create an element. You need an atom to create an element. However, an element is just substance created by an atom with its atomic number changing. Isotopes are just different forms of atoms with different elements in there.","q16":"To find the mass number you would get the atomic number and add it up to the number of neutrons. However the name of an isotope would basically be the element symbol and add the mass.","q17":"You would add the number of neutrons plus the atomic number which is the number of protons.","q18":"","q19":"","avgsi":"28","q21":"By going back and subtracting and rounding everything up.","avgfemass":"55.846","q22":"There are slightly different but however they are very close to each other. ","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"It would be very unlikely because one has a higher ratio."}