{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Evelyn Gonzalez","q1":"They only go towards one direction and don't scatter as much","q2":"Yes, they scatter and move towards different directions. They're also a little bit faster.","q3":"This increase causes the alpha particles to go very fast. When I first started, they moved really slow and only towards one direction. Now, they go towards every direction.","q4":"I think this change happens because the alpha particles get a positive force from the protons. ","q5":"Yes, it does change the way Alpha particles travel.","q6":"Neutrons causes the nucleus to have overall stability. A change in the number of neutrons can cause changes within the nucleus and how alpha particles move.","q7":"They look like they split up in half and go towards opposite directions. ","q8":"They also go towards opposite directions but faster. ","q9":"The 20 protons go towards the top and but 100 protons, they go really low towards the bottom. ","q10":"They aim towards the top all in the same direction. ","q11":"They don't scatter or move around much, they just aim straight up.","q12":"I think because most of the positive charge forms the nucleus and its empty space. ","q13":"Because both of them were positively charged so they go against each other. ","q14":"An isotope contains equal numbers of protons and electrons but different numbers of neutrons. ","q15":"An element is based off of an atomic number. An atomic number is based off of the number of protons present. An atom is the smallest unit of matter. An isotope contains atoms in the nucleus that have the same number of protons but different number of neutrons.","q16":"In order to find the mass and name of an isotope, you need to know how many protons and neutrons you have to add them together. The sum of these together gives you the  mass number. After you know the mass number, you will know its name. ","q17":"If you have the name of an element then most likely you will know how many protons it will have. The number of neutrons that you already have will make it a lot easier. You will add these together to give you the mass number and it will have to match the element name. ","q18":"Nature's mix is how the ratio of the isotopes naturally happen and My mix is however we want it to happen. We can customize the ratio to whatever we want and change the amount of an isotope. ","q19":"The probability of finding one isotope of an element being the same for all elements in nature is false. Isotopes have different abundance so it won't be the same for all. It depends on its properties to find a specific isotope and varies for all. ","avgsi":"-1","q21":"","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"","isotope2":"","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}