{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Latiera Taylor","q1":"Most of the alpha particles are keeping a straight path. While only a few paths are slightly altered.","q2":"This does change the path. Now more than half of the alpha particles are hitting nuclei, causing their paths to curve instead of keeping straight. Every now and then one or two paths are close to being altered almost 180 degrees.\n","q3":"Now some are hitting multiple nuclei, but only a few are keeping a straight path. And now more of the protons' paths are being altered, and more are coming back towards the way they came from.","q4":"The more protons added increases the chance of more hitting a nucleus, compared to less protons lowering the chance of hitting a nucleus.","q5":"No.","q6":"The neutrons charge doesn't affect neither the protons or the alpha particles charge, because only two positive forces will react to each other opposed to a neutrally charged particle.","q7":"Now with there being one nucleus in the center, only the alpha particles closest to the middle paths are heavily affected, but the paths are curved softly. The outermost alpha particles are slightly affected but almost keeping their straight paths.","q8":"The middle alpha particles are still more affected than the outermost, but now their curves are more strong. They are completely bending away from the nucleus. The outermost alpha particles are bending as well, but not as harsh as the middle ones. Every path is being affected though.","q9":"No path is making it past the nucleus, compared to when it was 20 and only the middle alpha particles were being completely altered. Now most of the middle alpha particles paths are coming back downwards, and the outermost are completely bending towards the opposite direction of the nucleus. Causing no path to again make it completely above the nucleus.","q10":"All of them are keeping a straight path upward.","q11":"None are reflecting from the nucleus, compared to the Rutherford simulation where no matter the quantity some were guaranteed to reflect from the nucleus.","q12":"It proved that there is a dense nucleus filled with protons in the middle of an atom, instead of several protons spaced out causing lighter densities.","q13":"Opposites attract, and since the nucleus is positively charges as well as the alpha particles, they're the same causing them to oppose.","q14":"An isotope is elements with the same number of protons and electrons, but different neutrons causing it to have different mass numbers while still being the same element.","q15":"You need an atom to form both a element and an isotope. In contrast, no matter the isotope, the element doesn't change. Different groups of atoms changes the element and the isotope.","q16":"Protons and electrons are the same amount, but the mass is determined by only the protons and neutrons. The isotope name will be determined by the amount of protons. ","q17":"Adding the protons [element number] to the number of neutrons gives you the mass of the isotope.","q18":"My mix lets me add my own amount of different isotopes of one element, and it generates a percent composition of each isotope and a average atomic mass based on my personal mix. The nature's mix automatically adds the scientific correct amount of atoms for the element and shows that correct percent composition of each isotope and average atomic mass.","q19":"In nature, the probability or chance of finding one isotope of an element is the same because every element has a 100% chance of having 1 isotope. There are elements with only one isotope like beryllium, fluorine, sodium, and aluminum, and there are several elements with more than one. But that doesn't change the fact that they all have at least one, therefore there is a 100% chance for every element.","avgsi":"29","q21":"Add the same amount of atoms from each isotope into my mix and compare that average mass to natures mix average mass.","avgfemass":"55.84","q22":"It matched.","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"The atomic mass is close to the natures mix atomic mass."}