{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Sydney Hannaford","q1":"Most of the alpha particles are moving straight through when protons are set to 20. ","q2":"When the number of protons are set to 60 it does change. Some of the alpha particles are still moving straight through the atom, but there are some that also are hitting the nucleus and bouncing off at different angles.","q3":"When I first started most of the alpha particles were moving straight through the atom. When you increase the alpha particles to 100 some are going straight through, some are hitting the nucleus and bouncing to different angles, and some are hitting the nucleus straight on and bouncing all the way back to where they came from. ","q4":"The more alpha particles that are fired the more chance of them hitting the nucleus instead of just going straight through. ","q5":"When you change the number of neutrons it is about the same as the first steps. ","q6":"The neutrons are still in the nucleus with the protons, so it doesn't change anything. ","q7":"The alpha particles are going right by the nucleus and straight through the atom, and some are hitting the nucleus and still going up but at an angle. ","q8":"The alpha particles are moving away from the nucleus.","q9":"With 20 protons the alpha particles still go all the way through the atom, but with 100 protons they all angle away from the nucleus. The do not go all the way though the atom.","q10":"The alpha particles are moving straight through.","q11":"The plum pudding model is flat and large and Rutherfords simulation and lots of atoms stacked up on each other.","q12":"The plum pudding model allows all of the alpha particles to pass through. ","q13":"Because alpha particles are positive like protons and they deflect. ","q14":"An isotope is two or more forms of the same element that have equal numbers of protons and electrons, different numbers of neutrons, they have different mass numbers, and have the same atomic number.","q15":"An atom is the smallest possible unit. Atoms make up the elements on the periodic table. An isotope is the same element in different forms. Elements and isotopes are not the smallest unit like an atom, but they are made up of lots of atoms. ","q16":"The number of protons defines the element and gives it its name. The mass is the neutrons and protons added together.","q17":"The mass is neutrons and protons added together. You have the neutrons and the number of protons is equal to the atomic number and if you know the name you can find the atomic number. ","q18":"My mix shows a pie graph and when there are 2 hydrogen-1 and 2 hydrogen-2 my graph shows half and half. When it is natures mix it shows mostly hydrogen-1. ","q19":"No, I do not support this statement. Even when I add 2 hydrogen-1 and 6 hydrogen-2 all you can see in natures mix is hydrogen-1. The probability to finding an element is not the same for all of the elements. ","avgsi":"28.97573","q21":"You could examine the rock and do research to see if the rock had equal parts of these silicons. ","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"","isotope2":"","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}