{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Chet Risenhoover","q1":"The majority of the alpha particles pass straight through the gold foil. ","q2":"Yes, there are a lot more deflections in the alpha particles. ","q3":"At 100 vs 20 the majority of the alpha particles are being deflected and not passing straight through, where as at 20 most were passing straight through. ","q4":"Because as you add particles you increase the probability of one of those particles finding the nucleus of the gold atoms. ","q5":"No, there is no change.","q6":"Because the neutrons have no effect on the charge of the particles. ","q7":"They repel away from it when close enough. ","q8":"There seems to be an increase in the repelling nature of the nucleus as the number of protons go up. ","q9":"At 20, the nucleus was like a rock in a river, bending fluid around it but not really hindering the flow. At 100, the rock is almost a wall at this point and the vast majority of the alpha particles are being deflected. ","q10":"A direct path, straight through the Atom.","q11":"There are zero alpha particles being affected in any way as it passes through the atom. ","q12":"I think the Rutherford experiment proved a theory of what was already believed about the actual construction of an atom and the interactions within it in regards to charge and the relationship between protons, neutrons and electrons. ","q13":"Because both are positively charged which will force them away from one another during an interaction. ","q14":"An isotope is a version of a pre-existing element that shares an identical atomic number, as well as, the number of protons and electrons. What is changed is the number of neutrons, which also effects the mass number of the original element. ","q15":"An atom is the building block of an element, its particular design is responsible for the existence of the elements and each element has its own specific atom arranged in a very specific way that makes the element what it is. An isotope is a variant of that specific atom within that element, giving it a different number of neutrons which keeps the element the same but the atom slightly different by changing the number of neutrons in the nucleus which alters the mass number and Amu. ","q16":"If I had the number of protons, neutrons, and electrons then I would look the element up on the periodic table by number of protons which gives me the atomic number that can be used to find the name and symbol of the element. To get the mass I would just add the number of protons with the number of neutrons, once that number was known I would hyphen the original element name with the new mass number and that would be the given isotope. ","q17":"I would look up the element by name, which would give me the atomic number or number of protons, and then I would just add those two numbers together and that would be the mass of the isotope. ","q18":"My mix is whatever I want to take out of the bucket and put on","q19":"","avgsi":"","q21":"","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"","isotope2":"","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}