{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Emma Trulove","q1":"Some alpha particles are going straight up, while others are going straight up for a little bit and then taking a turn. ","q2":"Yes, it did change the alpha particles. They seem to be moving faster and all of them will go straight up and then take a dramatic turn in any direction.","q3":"They are coming in at different angles and once they get to the nucleus they bounce off.","q4":"There are only protons and nothing is there to neutralize them and balance everything out.","q5":"No it does not change the alpha particles.","q6":"The alpha particles seem to be acting the same way. They go straight up and some make dramatic turns and bounce off the nucleus.","q7":"Once the alpha particles hit the nucleus they bounce off and go right or left. ","q8":"Once the alpha particles hit the nucleus instead of going up and turning, they turn and almost go down when they hit.","q9":"With 20 protons the aloha particles would go straight up and bounce off the nucleus. With 100 protons the alpha particles won't even reach the nucleus. They go up and take a turn way before getting to the nucleus.","q10":"They are going straight up and not turning at all. I believe they are also going through the atom. ","q11":"Rutherford simulation the alpha particles wouldn't touch the nucleus, some went straight up and some turned. While plum-pudding atom simulation the alpha particles go straight up and through the atom. ","q12":"I don't think the alpha particles just bounced off the nucleus and took random turns so people looked into it.","q13":"Both alpha particles and nucleus were positively charged. ","q14":"An isotope will always have the same number of protons but different number of neutrons. This will cause for a different mass number, with it having the same number of protons and electrons it will still have the same atomic number. ","q15":"An element is the specific type of atom, which is defined by its protons, an atom is the basic building block of matter and contains the protons and neutrons in the nucleus, and an isotope is the same element with the same number of protons in the nucleus, just a different number of neutrons. ","q16":"If you had 8 protons, 8 electrons, and 7 neutrons, then you would add the number of protons and neutrons to get the mass number for that element. Phosphorus would be the element. In order to get the isotope, you would keep the same number of protons, but you would change the neutrons. For example, you have 8 protons, 8 electrons, and 10 neutrons, that would be your isotope for Phosphorus. ","q17":"If you have Sulfur-20, you will have 16 protons which is the atomic number and then you would have 4 neutrons. So, in order to get the mass of that isotope you would have to add the protons and neutrons together, which would give you 20. ","q18":"With my mix the average atomic mass starts going to the isotope that I put more in. Natures mix is already set to a certain amount. Natures mix isn't equal, but it is more than the other one or two isotopes. ","q19":"One isotope of an element cannot be the same for all elements. Every element has a different number of protons, neutrons, and electrons. They have different atomic numbers and mass numbers. When you change the number of protons it will automatically change what element you are looking at. For example, oxygen has 8 protons, 8 neutrons, and 8 electrons. If you were to add 1 proton, 1 neutron, and 1 electron you would then get a completely different element (Fluorine). Your isotope will mainly be based off the number of neutrons you have. What I mean by that is Oxygen-16, has 8 protons, 8 neutrons, 8 electrons, and when you add those protons and neutrons that gives you 16, which is where Oxygen-16 isotope comes in. So, there for you cannot change the number of protons but you can change the number of neutrons to get an isotope, otherwise you would change the element completely. ","avgsi":"28.08550","q21":"I think you would average all of the isotopes together in order to see if Bill is right. ","avgfemass":"56.1858","q22":"Fe has the average atomic mass of 55.845 and if you round that it would be 56 which is close to 56.1858. ","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"Nitrogen can be found in soil because it is an essential to life. Nitrogen-14 and Nitrogen-15 seem to be common isotopes for nitrogen, and this is why you could more than likely find it in some dirt. "}