{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Braden Brooks","q1":"The alpha particles avoid the nucleus and keep going up. They get close to the nucleus and bounce off of it.","q2":"The particles get stopped at the nucleus and get redirected away. ","q3":"The alpha particles get pushed around a lot when they get near the nucleus and they move faster in random directions.","q4":"The protons are a pushing force to the alpha particles.","q5":"Yes","q6":"With less neutrons than protons the alpha particles get pushed faster in other directions but the radius of the pushing is smaller. With more neutrons the radius of the Adom increases effecting more alpha particles. ","q7":"they get pushed away.","q8":"They get pushed further away.  ","q9":"With 20 protons the particles can still go up, they just get pushed a little. With 100 protons the particles get completely sent backwards and get pushed farther. ","q10":"They go up and are uninterrupted. ","q11":"They are able to go through without being pushed like in the Rutherford simulation. ","q12":"The particles get affected by the atom in ways they suggest that the atom is a circle type shape.","q13":"The nucleus was giving off energy that physically pushed the particles.","q14":"A isotope is a variant of an element where atoms have the same number of protons, the atomic number, but differ in the number of neutrons, ending up in a different mass number while still keeping the same number of electrons in a neutral atom.","q15":"An element refers to a type of atom defined by its number of protons, while an atom is the smallest unit of an element, consisting of a nucleus with protons and neutrons surrounded by electrons. A isotope is a variant of an element where atoms have the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons, resulting in a different atomic mass, making them essentially different \"versions\" of the same element. ","q16":"Add the protons and neutrons to get the mass number. The mass number identifies the isotope. Use the number of protons to identify the element on the periodic table.","q17":"Look up the atomic number of the element then add that to the number of neutrons to get the mass.","q18":"In My Mix I can manually put the elements together and in Natures mix it shows how the elements are naturally put together to make elements.","q19":"The chance of finding one isotope of an element is not the same for all elements. Isotopic abundance varies significantly between different elements due to various factors. This claim is backed by evidence from scientific resources, textbooks, and experiment results.","avgsi":"28","q21":"You would need to do a analysis on the rock sample.","avgfemass":"55","q22":"It would compare to the mass number on the periodic table.","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"By sampling the dirt to see what elements are in it."}