{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Ruby Beth Barton","q1":"The path of the alpha particles when the number of protons is set to 20 is away from the nucleus. All of the particle's paths are avoiding or bouncing off of the nucleus and going straight up. ","q2":"When the number of protons is increased to 60, the paths become less consistent, and they begin to go horizontally and not just straight up. The paths still bounce off of the nucleus, but some bounce off and change direction in their paths. ","q3":"The paths of the alpha particles are a lot more varied and not uniform like the paths were in the beginning. All amounts of protons still bounce off of the nucleus but in the 60 and 100 amounts, the contact changed the direction of their paths. ","q4":"I think this changed occurred because when the atom had a greater number of protons, the more mass the atom had. When there is a greater mass, there is a harder contact between the alpha particles and the nucleus, which caused the particles to have a drastic change in direction. ","q5":"It does not make a noticeable difference to how the alpha particles travel.","q6":"It does not because the number of neutrons in an atom can vary because it has a neutral charge, and it does not do anything to the identity or charge of the element.","q7":"They move up towards the nucleus but all of them just bounce off of the nucleus. Though they bounce off the nucleus, they still continue their upward paths. ","q8":"They also bounce off of the nucleus, but their paths changed more dramatically. Some of them just veer off and continue on a diagonal path, but the others bounce off so harshly that their paths become horizontal.","q9":"In the situation with 20 protons, the particles are getting closer to the nucleus, and the contact does not make that big of a change in their paths. The situation with the 100 protons, the particles did not come as close to the nucleus as the 20 proton particles did, but their paths were drastically changed. Some veered off away from the nucleus, but others completely went horizontal in their paths because of the contact. ","q10":"They take a direct path upwards with no obstacles in their way. ","q11":"There is no nucleus in the Plum Pudding model, so there is nothing to obstruct or come in contact with the particles. ","q12":"Rutherford discovered the nucleus and this changed our model of the atom drastically because it allowed us to see the location of the different subatomic particles of the atom. ","q13":"Like charges repel against each other, and the alpha particles and the nucleus both contain protons and neutrons, so when they meet, they repel each other. The greater number of protons and neutrons, the stronger the repulsion becomes. ","q14":"An isotope is the same element but in different forms, which gives them different mass numbers. The atomic number, which is the same as the number of protons and electrons in the element, stays the same, or else it will change the element itself. The only thing that is different is the number of neutrons, which makes the mass number. ","q15":"An atom is the smallest quantity of matter that still contains the properties of matter, and atoms make up elements. An element is a substance that cannot be broken down into simpler substances by any means, but an atom can be broken down into its subatomic particles. An isotope is the same element but in different forms, isotopes can also not be broken down into simpler substances. ","q16":"The number of protons and electrons in the atom is the same as the atomic number of the element, which is how you determine the name of the element. Then to find the mass of the element, you would take the number of protons and the number of neutrons and add them together to get your mass number. ","q17":"When you look at the periodic table and you look above the element name and symbol, you will see the atomic number of the element which is the same as the number of protons and electrons in the element. So when you take your number of protons you find from your atomic number of the element and the number of neutrons you are given, add those together and you get your mass. ","q18":"In nature's mix, there is very little of the hydrogen-2 isotope and majority of the hydrogen-1 isotope, but in my mix I can add or take away each isotope and change the percent composition and the average mass of each isotope combination. ","q19":"The probability of finding one isotope of an element in nature is not the same for all elements. When you look through the simulation, you will see that some elements have 2-4 isotopes but some ","avgsi":"28.0855","q21":"You would have to check the simulation to see the percent composition of the different isotopes to determine if the rock has equal parts of the isotope. ","avgfemass":"55.845","q22":"It is identical to of that on the periodic table for Iron.","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"You would have to compare this combination of isotope to the naturally occurring element to see if it can be found in nature. "}