{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Shandra Young","q1":"I set the number of protons to 20 and clicked the blue button to start firing alpha particles at the gold foil. The traces show that the alpha particles pass near the nucleus. Even when the alpha particles are directly in line with the nucleus, they avoid hitting it. This means most alpha particles go through the atom without being deflected because, according to the nuclear model, much of the atom's space is empty.","q2":"The nucleus at 60 protons, affects how alpha particles move. The increased positive charge in the nucleus causes the alpha particles to be deflected more. This means they are more likely to scatter at larger angles when they get close to the atom.","q3":"As I increased the number of protons in the gold foil, the alpha particles were deflected at larger angles than before. An increase in the positive charge within the nucleus exerts a significantly stronger electrostatic force on the positively charged alpha particles. This results in more pronounced deflections at larger angles and enhances the likelihood of the particles bouncing back.","q4":"This phenomenon arises from the significantly stronger positive charge in gold atoms, which generates a powerful repulsive force against alpha particles.","q5":"Increasing the number of protons in a nucleus enhances its positive charge. This stronger positive charge in the nucleus produces a significant repulsive force on positively charged alpha particles. Consequently, alpha particles experienced considerable deflection as they approached a nucleus with a higher proton count.","q6":"Increasing the number of protons in the gold foil leads to a greater diversion of alpha particles at larger angles compared to the initial scenario. This event occurs because the enhanced positive charge of the gold atoms generates a stronger repulsive force between the alpha particles and the gold atoms.","q7":"When you click the red/gray sphere and set the number of protons to 20, I observed that the alpha particles are predominantly deflected away from the nucleus. A small number undergoes significant deflections or even bounces back directly toward the source. This clearly demonstrates that the nucleus is small, dense, and positively charged, which leads to strong repulsion against the positively charged alpha particles.","q8":"The majority of alpha particles pass through the atom with minimal deflection. However, a small percentage experience notable deflection, particularly when they approach the nucleus closely. This is due to the nucleus's positive charge being concentrated in a small, dense area, which generates a powerful repulsive force against the positively charged alpha particles that come near it.","q9":"The outcome indicates a behavior of alpha particles as they approach the nucleus of an atom. Even when these particles are perfectly aligned with the nucleus, they consistently evade direct collisions. This highly suggests that the majority of alpha particles traverse the atom without deviation, supporting the nuclear model that reveals much of the atom's structure is composed of space.\n\nMoreover, as I increased the number of protons in the gold foil, I observed a significant rise in the fluctuation angles of the alpha particles. The heightened positive charge within the nucleus exerts a much stronger electrostatic force on the positively charged alpha particles. Consequently, this leads to more dramatic deflections at larger angles and significantly enhances the chances of the particles bouncing back. This clear relationship underscores the profound influence of nuclear charge on particle behavior within the atomic framework.","q10":"When we simulate alpha particles in this model, they mostly travel in straight lines with only slight bending. This happens because the positive charge is spread out evenly throughout the atom, so there are no concentrated areas to greatly change the path of the alpha particles.","q11":"In the Plum Pudding simulation, when you fire alpha particles, they mostly travel in straight paths with little glance. This is altered from the Rutherford simulation, where many alpha particles change course at substantial slopes because the positive charge is collected in the nucleus. In the Plum Pudding model, the positive charge persists throughout the atom, so the alpha particles pass through with insignificant commotion.","q12":"The replica of the atom changed after Rutherford's experiment. His gold foil experiment exhibited that most of an atom's mass is in a small, positively charged center called the nucleus. This finding went against the earlier \"plum pudding model,\" which suggested that positive charge was uniformly spread out in the atom. Because of this, scientists had to modify their understanding of atomic structure and adopt the new nuclear model.","q13":"In Rutherford's experiment, alpha particles were pushed away from the nucleus. This happened because both the alpha particles and the nucleus have a positive charge. Since like charges repel each other, the alpha particles are not attracted to the nucleus.","q14":"An isotope is a form of an element with the same atomic number and chemical behavior but different atomic mass and physical properties.\n\nMass number is the total count of protons and neutrons, collectively known as nucleons, within an atomic nucleus.\n\nThe atomic number is the number of protons a nucleus has. \n\nThe number of protons in an atom refers to how many positively charged protons are present in its nucleus.\n\nTo find the number of neutrons in an atom, subtract the number of protons from the total number of protons and neutrons. ","q15":"An element is a pure substance made up entirely of a single type of atom. An atom serves as the smallest unit of that element. Isotopes are distinct variants of an element that share the same number of protons but have different numbers of neutrons, resulting in varying atomic masses for each isotope. In essence, isotopes represent different forms of the same element, characterized by their unique neutron counts within their nucleus.","q16":"To easily find the mass and name of an isotope given the number of protons, neutrons, and electrons, simply add the number of protons and neutrons to determine the mass number. You then use this mass number to name the isotope, writing the element's symbol with the mass number as a superscript. The identity of the element is established by the number of protons, which corresponds to its atomic number on the periodic table. This process is straightforward and clearly defines each isotope.","q17":"To accurately determine the mass of an isotope using the element's name and the number of neutrons, start by locating the element's atomic number on the periodic table. This atomic number corresponds to the number of protons in the element. Next, confidently add the number of protons (equal to the atomic number) to the given number of neutrons. The resulting sum is the mass number of the isotope, which effectively represents its mass in atomic mass units.","q18":"The mix is expertly crafted by humans, while Nature's Mix is made up of elements that naturally exist in our environment.","q19":"The statement In nature, the probability of finding one isotope of an element is the same for all elements is false. The evidence is compelling: different elements exhibit significantly varying isotopic ratios, demonstrating that the abundance of any specific isotope varies greatly across the periodic table.","avgsi":"","q21":"The average mass of silicon in a rock is approximately 28.085 atomic mass units (amu), reflecting the standard atomic mass of silicon listed on the periodic table. Silicon has three isotopes—silicon-28, silicon-29, and silicon-30—whose atomic masses are roughly 28, 29, and 30 amu, respectively. When a rock contains equal amounts of each isotope, the average mass can be calculated by summing these three values and dividing by 3, resulting in an average of about 29 amu. This highlights the remarkable uniformity of silicon's composition in geological materials.","avgfemass":"","q22":"My results compared the same because I multiplied the mass of each isotope by its natural abundance. Then I added the results to find the average atomic mass. Next, I compared the calculated average atomic mass to the value on the periodic table.\n\nThe average atomic mass of iron is 55.928 amu.","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"1.5 amu","isotope4":"37.5 amu","q28":"Since nitrogen is found in soil and both isotopes are found in nature, the combination of N-14 and N-15 is likely to be found in dirt."}