{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Emily Smith","q1":"When the number of protons is set to 20, the alpha particles are being pulled upwards towards the atom. When they touch the atom they bounce off and away. ","q2":"When I increased the number of protons to 60 the movement of the alpha particles changed. When the alpha particles get close to the atom, they move away. It appears that the alpha particles do not want to touch the atom. ","q3":"When the protons are changed to 100, the amount of repelling force is greater. The alpha particles now move away at larger angles. ","q4":"The increase of protons change how the alpha particles move through the gold foil. This is because the more protons you have, the greater repelling force the alpha particles have. When I started, we first had 20 protons, which had a less repelling force compared to the 60 protons and the 100 protons. ","q5":"No, changing the alpha particles does not change how the alpha particles travel.","q6":"Neutrons do not have a effect on the alpha particles because of their neutral charge. ","q7":"The alpha particles move away from the nucleus. They alpha particles are slightly repelled away but not forcefully compared to if the protons were greater.","q8":"When the protons are moved to 60 protons, there is a greater repelling force compared to when the protons were set to 20. The alpha particles bounce away from the nucleus when they get close. ","q9":"When the number of protons is changed to 100, there is a greater repelling force compared to the 20 protons we started with. When the alpha particles get close to the nucleus they are pulled backwards. The alpha particles divert to another direction away from the nucleus. ","q10":"The alpha particles move bottom to top of the plum pudding atom.","q11":"In the Rutherford simulation, the alpha particles mostly passed through but some were deflected back. However, in the plum pudding model all of the alpha particles move straight through without being deflected. ","q12":"Rutherford's experiment concluded that atoms had a nucleus with a positive charge. With Rutherford's discovery of the nucleus, this disproved that atoms were just solid spheres.  ","q13":"Alpha particles are positive and like charges repel each other. So the positive charge of the nucleus deflect the alpha particles. ","q14":"Isotopes are atoms of the same element that have the same number of protons(atomic number) and electrons. However, they have a different amount of neutrons, meaning that their mass number is different. ","q15":"An atom is the basic unit of an element. An element is a substance that has one atom that consist of protons, neutrons, and electrons. An isotope is an element with the same number of protons but different numbers of neutrons. ","q16":"To find the mass of an isotope you would combine the number of protons and neutrons. Example if you have 6 protons and 10 neutrons, you would have a mass number of 16. To find the name of an isotope you would first look at how many protons the isotope has. The isotope in the example has 6 protons, so you know it is a form of Carbon. To properly name this isotope you would list it in the format of (name-mass number). So an isotope that has 6 protons and 10 neutrons would be named (Carbon-16). ","q17":"If you were only given the name of element and the number of neutrons you would be able to find the mass by adding the number of protons the element has with its neutrons. Example: Boron-12 has an atomic number of 5, It has 7 neutrons. To find the mass number, add 5+7=12. Therefore, you now know that Boron-12 has a mass number of 12. ","q18":"Nature's Mix shows the actual amount of the isotopes present in nature. My Mix depends on the how many isotopes I decide to place.","q19":"","avgsi":"","q21":"","avgfemass":"","q22":"","isotope1":"","isotope2":"","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}