{"labName":"Rutherford Scattering And Isotopes","userName":"Mykiyah Flowers","q1":"All of the particles float upward. Whatever touching the nucleus bouncing off. ","q2":"Some particles float upward, some bouncing off the nucleus from a distance going right or left. ","q3":"Greater distance between the nucleus and particles. ","q4":"Increase number of protons. ","q5":"With 20 protons and neutrons the particles continues straight up with a distance between the particles and the nucleus. ","q6":"Yes because the particles dosent bounce exactly off the nucleus anymore. ","q7":"the particles continues straight up with a distance between the particles and the nucleus. ","q8":"The particles go's two separate ways. ","q9":"The particles go's two separate ways, it's so tense some particles travel back down. ","q10":"Upward","q11":"It's different because there is no nucleus parting the particles. ","q12":"He discovered the atomic nucleus. ","q13":"The parcels are positive, like charges repel each other. ","q14":"An isotope is a form of an element that has the same number of protons but a different mass number due to varying number of neutrons. ","q15":"An element is like the basic building block in chemistry, kind of like the different ingredients you use in a recipe. An atom is like the smallest particle of an element, like the individual flour or sugar in your baking. And an isotope is like a version of that element with a different number of neutrons, kind of like using different brands of flour that have slightly different properties but still work in your recipe. Each plays a unique role in understanding the composition of matter at different levels of detail.","q16":"To find the mass and name of an isotope, you would combine the number of protons and neutrons to calculate the mass number. Then, you can identify the name of the isotope by knowing the element's name and the mass number. By putting these pieces together, you can determine the specific isotope you're looking for.\n","q17":"To find the mass of an isotope, you would start by knowing the atomic number and the number of neutrons. The mass of an isotope is calculated by adding the number of protons (which is the same as the atomic number) and the number of neutrons together. This total sum gives you the mass number of the isotope. So, by combining the atomic number with the given number of neutrons, you can determine the mass of the isotope.","q18":"In \"My Mix\" you build the isotope yourself, in \"Nature's Mix\" everything is already done for you.  ","q19":"The statement \"In nature, the probability or chance of finding one isotope of an element is the same for all elements\" is not accurate. The natural abundance of isotopes varies significantly from one element to another. For example, Carbon has two stable isotopes: Carbon-12, which makes up about 98.93% of natural carbon, and Carbon-13, which makes up about 1.07%. In contrast, Chlorine has two stable isotopes, Chlorine-35 and Chlorine-37, with natural abundances of about 75.77% and 24.23%, respectively. This variation in isotopic abundance is due to differences in nuclear stability and the processes that produce these isotopes in nature. Therefore, the probability of finding a particular isotope is not uniform across all elements.","avgsi":"30","q21":"","avgfemass":"54","q22":"","isotope1":"carbon-14","isotope2":"one and two","isotope3":"","isotope4":"","q28":""}