{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Latiera Taylor","observations1":"After mixing vinegar and a portion of sodium bicarbonate into a test tube and plugging the top with my thumb, the liquid began to become gaseous. The more the pressure built it, the more gaseous it became. After place the lit wood stint in the pressure, I heard a loud pop and the temperature was a little warmer. ","observations2":"When both hydrogen peroxide and potassium iodide is mixed into the testing tube together, while containing the pressure in the tube it began to boil and bubbles formed. Once the wood stint was placed, the liquid became very hot and the fire was slowly trying to reignite. ","observations3":"The mixture of both hydrochloric acid and a piece of magnesium ribbon because to slightly produce bubble and a fog while containing the pressure in the test tube. Once the lit wood splint is placed into the testing tube, there was a softer pop than in test tube 1. Also, the test tube did become warmer. ","observations4":"While placing the test tube with ammonium carbonate in it over the lit bunsen burner, the while color of the ammonium carbonate became more off while or crystal like colored. When placing the red litmus paper in the mouth of the test tube, the paper began to turn blue. The temperature of the test tube was hot, and the scent was very strong chemical like. ","observations6":"The liquid (copper (II) chloride) changed colors from a bright aqua blue to a foggy teal blue. The solid (solid zinc) changed from bigger dark silver pieces of solid to black small particles of solids, almost the texture of dirt.","observationsEthanol":"The ethanol burned with a flame after being ignited. The flame from the evaporation dish caused the temperature to become hot. Test tube with ice began to fog when being over flame and the ice began to melt quicker.","observationsMagnesium":"After placing 2cm piece of magnesium into the light flame on the burner, a bright light flashed and made a popping noise. After letting magnesium cool off in watch bowl, I noticed the piece of magnesium turned into a white ash like color. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"In conclusion, I was able to deduce the identity of each gas in test tubes 1-4 by their colors, reaction ( two of them made popping noises, and their scents. In test tube 1 and 3, there were noises made, in test tube 2 the fire tried to reignite, and in test tube 4 it had a distinct smell. These different reactions helped me identify each gas easily. "}