{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Catelyn Brown","observations1":"There were bubbles when we added the sodium bicarbonate to the vinegar. The temperature of the test tube stayed the same. The fire was extinguished during the splint test. There was no color change and smoke was collected the the top of the tube. ","observations2":"When we added potassium to hydrogen peroxide, the color changed to yellow with lots of fizzy bubbles. The temperature stayed the same. In the wooden splint test, the splint became brighter and the bubble and fizz picked up with the heat. ","observations3":"When the magnesium strip was dropped, the bubbles began. During the splint test, there was a pop. The strip turned white the longer it stayed in the acid. It gradually got warmer. ","observations4":"There were no bubble during this reaction. The smell became very evident as we heated the tube. There was no color change to the ammonium, but the litmus paper did turn blue. ","observations6":"The zinc sunk to the bottom and became one big hard clump. The zinc also turned black when it came in contact to the copper. The liquid copper also became less blue the longer it sat. ","observationsEthanol":"The ice melted quickly. The bottom of the tube stayed normal temperature, but the top became hot. There was leftover residue on the edge of the test tube. ","observationsMagnesium":"The strip became very hot. The light shined a deep orange as it lit and them transformed into a bright light. The strip ended up changing colors into a white strip. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"We were able to identity the gases in the test tubes based on how they reacted to the wood splint. The first gas made the flame extinguish. Therefore, we knew it was Carbon Dioxide. The second gas reacted to the splint by becoming brighter and relighting. The third has a loud pop when exposed to the split, so we assumed that was hydrogen. The last test tube began to smell from the beginning, which indicated ammonium, but after heating the tube up and testing with the litmus paper, we knew for certain it was ammonium carbonate. "}