{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Uriel Ramos","observations1":"as we added sodium bicarbonate to the test tube of vinegar, it bubbled as gases formed. there was no color or temperature change. when a flame was inserted into the test tube, it was extinguished.","observations2":"Upon adding potassium iodide to the hydrogen peroxide the mixture turned yellow and formed gas but temperature remained the same. when a slightly glowing splint was added the gas reignited the flame.","observations3":"when the magnesium ribbon was added to the hydrochloric acid it bubbled as gas formed, when a lit splint it popped. the test tube also became hot.","observations4":"the ammonia in the test tube decomposed as it was held over a flame. when litmus paper was held inside the tube it reacted and turned blue. the temperature remained the same and when wafted there was a pungent smell.","observations6":"after combining the two substances, we observed that the liquid copper (II) chloride appeared to start green and gradually turned blue and then clear. the Zinc appeared to change from silvery gray to black.","observationsEthanol":"the test tube and ice inside underwent a temperature change, and the ice melted from the heat. the ethanol was used to create a flame. the ethanol left no residue, but the ice produced condensation after melting.","observationsMagnesium":"as the magneium ribbon was held over the burner, it began to ignite and burned intensely and brightly. in the watch glass the magnesium turned to ash.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"We were able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube one because when a flame was inserted into the test tube, the flame went out immediately, which is a characteristic of carbon dioxide. We were able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube two, because when a glowing splint was inserted into it, the gas reignited the flame, which is a characteristic of oxygen. We were able to identify the gas in test tube three because when a flame was inserted into the tube it popped, and hydrogen is known to accelerate flames. lastly, we were able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube 4 because we only added ammonium into the tube and then heated over a flame."}