{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Lauren Lewis","observations1":"Bubbles formed in the beginning. The Gas from reaction put the fire on the splint out. The test tube got cold.","observations2":"Substance bubbled in the beginning. Wooden splint sparked and popped. Color changed to dark yellow. There was no temperature change. ","observations3":"Substance bubbled, no color change, remained clear. Splint popped to make audible noise and flame went out. The test tube got warm.","observations4":"Ammonium carbonate turned black and the smell changed from no odor, to pungent odor. Changed color of paper from pinkish red to blue. ","observations6":"We mixed zinc (solid) with copper chloride (liquid) to document changes in solution. The zinc solid turned black and grew in size and copper chloride had no reaction. After some extra time, zinc completely dissolved and turned pink while copper chloride got lighter in color but still t=remained blue. ","observationsEthanol":"Test tube still cold. Ice melted, precipitation on outside of test tube. ","observationsMagnesium":"Magnesium turned as bright as the sun and glowed. Seemed to have to reach a certain temperature before combusting. residue was sticky and stuck to beaker tongs.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"In test tube one, the carbon dioxide put out the flame on the Splint. So when fire went out we were able to determine that the gas produced by the chemical reaction was carbon dioxide.\n\nIn test tube two, the splint popped and flame remained. When fire is exposed to oxygen, the flame grows, which is what happened to the splint in test tube two. \n\nIn test tube three, The wooden splint popped and made an audible noise. The sound was released because of the abundance of energy being released in the reaction when the flame was exposed to the certain gas, which would be hydrogen because it is extremely flammable.\n\nIn test tube four, the reactants were broken apart and turned litmus paper blue, which means the gas was turned basic instead of acidic. "}