{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Lillien McMullen","observations1":"As soon as the reactants were added together many bubbles were produced along with a lot of pressure. No color or temperature changes were observed. Buring splint went out immediately when it reached the gas.","observations2":"When the reactants were mixed bubbles were produced with no pressure. The clear liquid and white powder produced a bright yellow color with no temperature change. When wood splint was introduced, the stint kept re-igniting.","observations3":"When mixed the reactants produced a lot of heat and bubbles. There was no color change. When burning splint was added there was a tiny popping sound.","observations4":"When the ammonia was introduced to the flame there were no visible reaction: no bubbles or color change. The ammonia was melting away into a gas and when the red litmus was introduced it turned blue.","observations6":"When the copper (II) sulfate and the zinc were introduced to each other there was no immediate reaction after sitting the pieces of zinc turned from silver to black and melted together.","observationsEthanol":"When the test tube was put to the ethanol flame there was a small temperature difference. Besides the burning ethanol there was no flame or light. Condensation was produced on the outside of the test tube.","observationsMagnesium":"When the magnesium made contact with the flame it caught on fire producing a big green flame and sparked. No smell and left a white ashy residue.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"The burning stick in test tube one immediately went out meaning it was carbon dioxide. In test tube two the stick kept re-igniting meaning the gas produced was oxygen. In test tube three the gas produced was hydrogen because of a popping sound the burning stick made. In test tube four the gas was ammonia because the red litmus paper turned blue when making contact with the gas."}