{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Morgyn Williams","observations1":"After lighting the splint and putting it in the tube, the fire on the splint went out and the test tube heated up slightly.","observations2":"When we mixed the chemicals, the color of the liquid turned yellow and it started to bubble. After putting the glowing split into the test tube, the test tube got hot and the liquid started to bubble more.","observations3":"When we put the flame in the tube it made a popping sound. It also started to bubble and it heated up slightly.","observations4":"After heating the ammonium, when we stuck the litmus paper in the test tube, it changed to a blue color. You could also smell the ammonium and the test tube heated up.","observations6":"The color of the zinc and the liquid both changed due to the zinc absorbing the copper. The copper was originally blue, but was changed to clear and the zinc was originally silver and changed to a almost black color.","observationsEthanol":"After putting ice in the test tube, lighting the ethanol, and holding the test tube over the flame that was produced, the test tube started to fog up. The dish that the ethanol was in also had a temperature change and started to heat up.","observationsMagnesium":"After lighting the magnesium with the bunsen burner, a quick bright light appeared on the magnesium. After it finished burning, it also turned white.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"1. With test tube one, I was able to come to the conclusion that the gas was carbon due to the fire on the wood splint immediately extinguishing when placed in the test tube.\n2. With test tube two, I was able to come to the conclusion that the gas was oxygen due to the splint starting to glow a little brighter once it was put into the test tube.\n3. With test tube three, I was able to come to the conclusion that the gas was hydrogen due to hearing a popping sound when the splint was placed into the tube.\n4. With test tube four, I was able to come to the conclusion that the gas was ammonia due the the smell and the litmus paper turning blue once it was placed in the test tube."}