{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Nicole Stocking","observations1":"The reaction fizzed to the point of overflowing. The flame extinguished by the gas. The color remained the same, no color change. The tube remained the same temperature. ","observations2":"The reaction caused it to fizz. The flame relite once it touched the gas. The color changed from white to a mustered yellow. The tube became hot from the reaction.","observations3":"Bubbles were not as frequent, and pressure did build but weak. The flame reacted with the gas, causing it to extinguish immediately with a pop sound. The color of the reaction remained constant. The tube became hot to the touch.","observations4":"The reaction did not cause any bubbles or fizzing. Once it touched the gas, the litmus paper changed color from red to purple immediately. The test tube was very hot but mostly because it was held over the burner. Once lite, a pungent, burning odor came from the tube. ","observations6":"The zinc remained solid but slowly changed color. The zinc darkened while the Copper II Chloride became lighter in color.","observationsEthanol":"The temperature in the tube remained constant. There was no light or flame that came out of the reaction. The reaction left condensation on the surface of the tube.","observationsMagnesium":"The ribbon caught flame immediately. It burned so bright we had to look away. The ribbon ignited bright then immediately went out. The ribbon changed color from silver to white. The reaction left ash.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"We were able to deduce the identity of each gas by observing how a chemical reacted with the gas produced by the experiments. In test tube 1, the flame immediately extinguished after touching the gas produced by the vinegar and sodium bicarbonate. Because the flame extinguished after touching the gas, we could identify the gas as Carbon dioxide. In test tube 2, the flame reacted to the gas produced by hydrogen peroxide and potassium iodide. Because the flame relite brighter after touching the gas, we deduced that the gas was Oxygen. In test tube 3, the flame reacted with the gas produced by hydrochloric acid and a piece of magnesium ribbon. The flame immediately extinguished with a pop sound when it touched the gas, which allowed us to identify the gas as Hydrogen. Lastly, in test tube 4, red litmus paper reacted with heated up ammonium carbonate. Once the paper touched the gas, the colored changed from red to purple, identifying the gas as Ammonia."}