{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Trinity Tedford","observations1":"As we were adding the sodium bicarbonate in the test tube full of vinegar, I noticed that there were bubbles forming. There was no color change and no temperature change. We also noticed that when inserting the flame into the test tube of vinegar and sodium bicarbonate it went out. ","observations2":"After adding the hydrogen peroxide and potassium iodide it quickly turned yellow with the formation of bubbles. As we added the slightly glowing splint and placed it into the test tube it popped and reignited the flame. There was no temperature change. ","observations3":"Once we put the magnesium ribbon in there it started bubbling and then we added the lit splint and there was a pop. There was a temperature change, and the test tube was hot. ","observations4":"The ammonium in the test tube began to decompose as we held it over the burner. Then when we added the litmus paper it turned blue and after wafting the air there was a pungent smell. There was no color change. ","observations6":"After observing the cooper (II) chloride and zinc in the test tube, I noticed no solid formation but rather a color change. The color of the cooper (II) chloride changed from a green, to blue, and then completely clear. The zinc went from a light grey to black.  ","observationsEthanol":"As I was observing the test tube the ethanol left no residue, but the ice melted and produced condensation in the test tube. There was a slight change in temperature. Lastly, When I was observing the ethanal I noticed that it is flammable.","observationsMagnesium":"As we held the magnesium ribbon over the burner, it began to ignite with a bright light and a burn intensely. We quickly put the burning magnesium into the watch glass, and it turned to ash. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"We were able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube 1 because when a flame was inserted into the test tube the flame went out immediately, which is a characteristic of carbon dioxide. We were able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube 2 because when a glowing splint was inserted into it the gas reignited the flame, which is a characteristic of oxygen. We were also able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube 3 because when a flame was inserted into the tube it popped, and hydrogen is known to accelerate flames. Lastly, we were able to deduce the identity of the gas in test tube 4 because we only added ammonium into the tube and heated it over a flame. "}