{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Cole Campbell","observations1":"There was a flame but it is extinguished after introducing the CO2 gas, so the temperature drops significantly ","observations2":"When oxygen gas is formed in the test tube, air bubbles emerge from it. The glowing splint then ignites the test tube in the presence of the oxygen, causing the bottom of the tube to become heated.","observations3":"The test tube starts crackling as the hydrogen gas is emitted, it becomes an exothermic reaction and you can feel the heat after the test tube ignites after a short period of time.","observations4":"As a result of the ammonium carbonate, the red litmus paper will switch to blue, no bubbles. The ammonia will create a strong, distinct scent as the test tube heats. ","observations6":"The blueish-green begins to turn into a pale color as the zinc chloride takes over. Then the copper forms into solid rust as the zinc dissolves.","observationsEthanol":"When the ethanol burns, water vapor condensation is produced on the exterior. The vapor will begin to fade and the test tube gets cold, causing bits of frost to appear.","observationsMagnesium":"A bright, bleached flame will emerge and a whitish powder residue will appear as a result of the newly created magnesium oxide. The ribbon creates an exothermic reaction.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"In test tube one, the non-flammable carbon dioxide forms, squeezing out oxygen and extinguishing the flame. For the second test tube, you can determine that oxygen gas is emitted and created based on the flame and heat present. As for the third test tube, the popping sound after the hydrogen gas is created is what helps you arrive to the conclusion and a quick presence of a flame appears. Finally, test tube four's strong, tangy, and pungent ammonia scent concludes the presence of ammonia. Water vapor also is created as a result and the paper will turn blue."}