{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Aidan Esquivel","observations1":"When initially combined, the mixture had high pressure and was bubbling. When the splint test was conducted, gas was emitted. The glowing portion of the splint went out. No temperature or color change.","observations2":"When initially mixed, the substances changed color to a golden yellow. Pressure built up in the test tube, and when exposed to the splint, the tube heated rapidly, reigniting the splint and glowing brighter in the process. The tube has since changed to a deep amber color and is emitting the scent of the burning wood. ","observations3":"When initially mixed, the substance started bubbling and increasing in temperature. When the splint test was conducted, the glowing surface was immediately extinguished and a pop sound occurred. ","observations4":"Upon heating the tube, the red litmus paper instantaneously turned blue. After wafting, the tube smelled like smelling salts, a deeply chemical odor. The only temperature change noted was from the burner.","observations6":"The effects of this experiment were gradual. The copper chloride started as a pale blue, but over time, the color faded to away to clear. The zinc started as individual silver pellets, but over time, turned black and seems to have formed a new solid. ","observationsEthanol":"The ice melted, not dissimilar to ice over a normal flame, and liquid formed on the outside of the tube. No other changes were noted. ","observationsMagnesium":"The magnesium burst into a bright white light, lasting for around 10-15 seconds. There was a residue resembling soot after the fact. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"With test tube 1, the glowing area of the splint was immediately put out, suggesting carbon dioxide was formed. In test tube 2, the tube heated rapidly, and our splint reignited, showing oxygen was present. In test tube 3, given the splint went out and the popping sound, this suggests hydrogen was produced. And lastly for test tube 4, the chemical reaction to the litmus paper (the changing of color) could only be caused by amonia. "}