{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Jennifer Yee","observations1":"As soon as the vinegar and sodium bicarbonate were mixed, bubbles formed. The splint was lit and once we inserted it into the gas that was formed, it immediately extinguished. The reaction started clear, turned white and went back to clear after the reaction subsided. There were no temperature changes observed. ","observations2":"When the hydrogen peroxide was mixed with potassium iodide bubbles formed immediately. There was also an immediate color change; it turned yellow. The splint was lit and once we exposed it to the gas in the test tube, it started to reignite. I didn't notice any temperature change compared to the temperature at the start of the experiment. ","observations3":"The hydrchloric acid mixed with the magnesium ribon it started to form bubbles immediately. When the splint was exposed to the gas, the flame extinguished and the stick fell apart. The environment was loud, so we didn't hear the pop, but we noticed it visually. There was also a significant temperature change, and no color change. ","observations4":"The ammonium carbonate was did not form any bubbles, but there was an odor that smells like windex.The litmus paper turned blue immediately upon exposure to the gas. I did not notice a temperature change. ","observations6":"We mixed copper (II) chloride and zinc, stirred it and allowed it to sit. After some time the zinc turned black and formed a solid. ","observationsEthanol":"I put the ice into the test tube , lit the ethanol in the dish. Over a period of time we noticed that condensation began to form and the ice was melting. There were no bubbles formed. The ice went through a physical change of melting and returning to its original state of a liquid. ","observationsMagnesium":"The magnesium produced a green light and sparks. I did not not notice a smell, but there was a temperature change. The residue left on the forceps was a crumbly white ash material. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"The best way to determine the gasses formed was using the burning splint. It allowed you to test with fire to see if the flame would extinguish, reignite, or stay lit. The litmus paper reacted with ammonia, so we were able to determine that ammonia was produced with the visible color change of the paper. "}