{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Amanda Antonie","observations1":"The vinegar reacted with the baking soda causing bubbles to form. When covered with finger, pressure was formed due to not having oxygen. When the wooden stick fire went into the test tube, the flame went out. ","observations2":"The color of the hydrogen peroxide changed when potassium iodide was added. The wooden stick fire didn't go out all the way when added to the test tube. Temperature changed occurred as well. ","observations3":"The hydrochloric acid began to bubble when the magnesium ribbon was added. When the flame from the wooden stick was added, the frame when out, but it caused a big pop sound. After the flame went out, a temperature change occurred. ","observations4":"When we put the aluminum carbonate over the flame, it began to release a gas. As soon as we put the litmus paper over the flame, the color changed from pink to blue. ","observations6":"Zinc changed colors from silver/grey to black. The copper chloride changed from see through to cloudy as well as blue to green from a result from the particles of the zinc.","observationsEthanol":"Condensation formed when flame was lit. The flame from the alcohol lead to ice changing from solid to liquid form which resulted in water vapor. ","observationsMagnesium":"The magnesium caught fire when placed over bunsen burner. This resulted in forming a bright white light and smoke. Color change happened when the magnesium oxidized making it change from grey to white. The more it burned, ash started to come off from it. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"","conclusion":"In test tube 1, we determined the gas was carbon dioxide when the flame went out. You need oxygen in a fire for it to stay alive. Carbon dioxide lets it out. \nIn test tube 2, we know the gas was oxygen because the flame didn't completely go out right away. Fire thrives off of oxygen. \nIn test tube 3, we know it was hydrogen due to starting with hydrogen chloride. When the magnesium was added, it broke down the chloride when it was lit. \nIn test tube4, we determined it was ammonia when we smelt it. After it was put over the flame, a smell of a cleaner started to come from the mixture.\n"}