{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Olivia Gonzalez","observations1":"Once adding the sodium, it bubbled and fizzed. Once, the fire was added, the splint test was carbon dioxide because the fire immediately went out. There was not a temperature change or color change. ","observations2":"Yes, originally, the liquid was clear and once the potassium iodine was added, it immediately turned yellow and started fizzing. After observing I believe the splint test results was oxygen. The temperature of the liquid got really warm.","observations3":"Once the piece of magnesium was mixed with 1.0 M hydrochloric acid, it took a second for it to react, but once it did, it fizzed. The color remained the same but the temperature did get a little warmer. The results of the splint test, was hydrogen gas.","observations4":"With this experiment, the ammonium carbonate did not change. The results of the litmus test was that the paper turned blue. Because of the bunsen burner, it did get hotter because it was under direct hear. The scent smelled like ammonia and cleaner. ","observations6":"At the bottom of the test tube, the Zinc turned black and there was some pieces that has a red tint to it. It all collected at the bottom and didn't move. The color of the copper (II) chloride was originally light blue, and once the zinc was added, it because a brighter, more pigmented blue.","observationsEthanol":"Once the ethyl alcohol was added to the bowl and the lighter was added, the bowl immediately caught on fire on the inside and there was a lot of heat coming from the flame. When I put the ice and water over it, the test tube immediately started to vapor and have condensation.","observationsMagnesium":"When the bunsen burner was on and I added the magnesium ribbon to the flame. The magnesium became to flash and then it turned into a bright white light. The temperature was hot and the magnesium produced a lot of smoke.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"Based on the results of each test tube. It was easy to identify what gas it came from based on the sounds and sights of the results of each test. With the oxygen gas, it made a slight noise but the fire kept relighting and getting brighter. With carbon dioxide, it also made a pop sound but it's different from hydrogen because of the different sounds and because the fire went out immediately. With the hydrogen, once the fire was added, it made a loud squeak sounding like shoes on the floor and then eventually went out. Finally with Ammonia, based on the smell of the product, it smelt exactly like Ammonia so it was easy to classify that test tube with Ammonia being the gas. "}