{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Rhiannon Smith","observations1":"When mixing vinegar and sodium bicarbonate a gas is produced. The solution bubbled vigorously and the test tube felt slightly warm. The flame introduced to the gas product went out immediately.","observations2":"When mixing these chemicals the solution bubbled and turned a cloudy yellow color. The embers on the wood splint reignited. After burning the remaining gas, the liquid in the test tube turned orange and clear. The test tube felt moderately warm after the reaction. ","observations3":"The solution immediately reacted with violent bubbling upon combination. When the flame was introduced the gas combusted with a loud squeak. The tube felt very warm after this reaction.","observations4":"Heating the powder over the flame caused it to produce a pungent gas. The litmus paper turned blue, indicating a basic gas.","observations6":"After introducing the zinc to the copper(II) chloride it became dark and the liquid became cloudy. ","observationsEthanol":"The ethanol burned with a light blue inner cone and a yellow outer cone. The reaction produced a significant amount of heat. The gas condensed into a liquid on the outside of the cold test tube, forming precipitation. ","observationsMagnesium":"When the magnesium caught fire it burned brightly and quickly. It produced a bright, white light. It also produced smoke, and the remaining magnesium was white and chalky.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"Based on how the flame reacted to test tube one, I could deduce that it was Carbon dioxide, since the flame went out and did not grow and the gas did not combust. For test tube two the gas relit the embers and produced a bright flame, but did not combust. This lead me to believe that the gas was Oxygen. Test tube three reacted violently to the flame, combusting rapidly with a loud squeak. This had to be Hydrogen. The ammonia had a very pungent smell and was easily identified. Based on how the four different chemicals reacted to the flames, and how the chemicals smelled, the gases became apparent quickly."}