{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Lauren Billingsley","observations1":"There was a bit of fizz and bubbles as the baking soda was dissolving. The color remained the same. When the splint was placed into the tube, the fire went out. The tube seemed to get a bit colder.","observations2":"The color of the solution changed yellow, and the solution was bubbling. As the splint was placed in the tube, the fire tried to reignite. It burned brighter. The test tube got warmer.","observations3":"Bubbles and smoke formed when the magnesium was placed in hydrochloric acid. The temperature of the test tube got warmer, and when the splint was placed into the tube, it made a loud, clear popping noise.","observations4":"As the test tube was being held over the flame, the ammonium carbonate disappeared. When the red paper was held by the mouth of the tube, it turned a bluish-purple color. A pungent odor was also produced.","observations6":"The zinc turned from silver to black, and seemed to dissolve. The liquid turned from a clear blue color to a cloudy greener color.","observationsEthanol":"When the ethanol burned, the flames were orange and hot. As the tube was held over the flames, the ice was supposed to form water vapor on the cold test tube, but I could barely tell. However, it did melt the ice, and water pooled at the bottom of the tube.","observationsMagnesium":"As the magnesium was held over the flame, it combusted into a bright white spark that lasted about 5 seconds. When it went out in the watch glass, it turned white and left white, powdery residue on the watch glass.","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"Test tube 1 was carbon dioxide because the splint's flame went.\nTest tube 2 was oxygen because the splint burned brighter, showing it was trying to reignite.\nTest tube 3 was hydrogen because it made an obvious popping noise.\nTest tube 4 was ammonia because the paper turned a bluish-purple color.\n"}