{"labName":"Signs A Chemical Reaction Has Occurred","userName":"Bryanah Houston","observations1":"After adding the sodium bicarbonate to the vinegar, it formed bubbles. When lighting the wood splint and putting it into the test tube, it immediately made the bubbles stop. The middle of the test tube warmed up, but the bottom of the test tube stayed the same temperature. ","observations2":"When adding the potassium iodine to the hydrogen peroxide, the liquid turned yellow. Then when the lit wood splint was added, the liquid turned orange and started fizzing a lot. The test tube got very hot, and there was lots of smoke. The smell was also very bad. ","observations3":"When the magnesium ribbon was added to the hydrochloric acid, it started fizzing. Then when the wood splint was added, there was a loud popping noise. The magnesium ribbon turned a white color, and the test tube got very hot. ","observations4":"When heated, the ammonium carbonate melted. Then we added the red litmus paper, the paper turned blue. It smelled bad. ","observations6":"The CuCl2 turned a cloudy-green color. The Zinc turned black with particles coming off into the CuCl2.","observationsEthanol":"When the ethanol was lit,  a flame was produced. It was bright, and then dimmed down. My hand got hot. The test tube with ice in it produced condensation and started melting when held over the flame. ","observationsMagnesium":"It was very bright when lit, then it got dim, but then lit back up for a second. Now it is a pile of ashes. It smells like smoke. ","GasTT1":"Carbon dioxide","GasTT2":"Oxygen","GasTT3":"Hydrogen","GasTT4":"Ammonia","GasEthanol":"Carbon dioxide","conclusion":"When identifying which gas was in each test tube, test tube 1 had carbon dioxide. The fire extinguished and bubbles formed. Test tube 2 had oxygen, which made the flame brighter. Test tube 3 had Hydrogen. This one made a loud popping sound. Test tube 4 had Ammonia. Our red litmus paper turned blue, telling us this was ammonia.  "}