{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Jateria Johnson","p1":"The molecules for a solid will look like a shape of something put together.","p2":"The molecules for liquid will look like a puddle. ","p3":"The molecules will look like they are floating in space like gases do in nature. ","q1":"The molecules are bonding together and creating a rigid chain. Its particles vibrate around fixed axes is why the molecules are jumping around. ","q2":"Kelvins","q3":"There is no space between the water molecules. The molecules form into a puddle as the temperature increases. ","q4":"273.15 Kelvins","q5":"Below melting point the spacing of the water molecules were spaced out and the water molecules were vibrating around like at the beginning of the simulation. When it was above melting point, the molecules where still and in a puddle. ","q6":"They are all moving/vibrating around in a puddle at the bottom. ","q7":"373.15 Kelvins","q8":"Above its boiling point, some of the molecules are flying around and move around the container while some still stay at the bottom of the container. Below boiling point, the molecules are falling back down to the bottom of the container and returning to a liquid. I think it turns into some gas particles when its above the boiling point. ","q9":"Water when it is a gas has the water molecules flying all over the place, spinning around in circles. ","q10":"Oxygen","q11":"As a solid, the oxygen molecules were stacked on top of each other like tiles, with no space in between them, at the bottom of the container. As a liquid, the oxygen molecules were in a puddle with no space in between them. As a gas, the oxygen molecules were floating around the container bumping into each other from floating. ","q12":"When the water and oxygen molecules were gases, they floated all around the screen in bonded pairs. When the water molecules were solid, they were in rigid chain like shapes while the oxygen molecules were in rows stacked on top of each other like a box. Oxygen molecules as a liquid is a tight ball while the water molecules are moving around and spread out a little in a puddle at the bottom. ","q13":"All of my predictions were some what correct because I predicted that liquid would look like a puddle and they all did look like a puddle when the molecules were put on liquid mode. Also when I said the gases would float around, like gases do in nature.","q14":"The states of matter are different depending on the temperature and the kind of molecule it could be. We know that the water and oxygen molecules differed when the temperature was adjusted above and below melting/freezing point. Whenever the molecules were a liquid, they always formed together as a puddle. The gases for each molecule always floated around the container and bounced around. ","q15":"Neon and Argon pressure rises when new particles are added to the container while water and oxygen particles keeps the pressure the same/no pressure.","q16":"","q17":"","q18":"","q19":"","q20":"","q21":"","q22":"","q23":""}