{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Latiera Taylor","p1":"In the solid state, molecules will look tightly together and orderly. ","p2":"In the liquid state, molecules will look less orderly but tightly together gravitating downward.","p3":"In the gas state, molecules will look spaced out and will take up as much space as possible.","q1":"The solid is spaced very closely together and moving minimally. While the liquid is moving more freely, but still together towards the bottom of the container. ","q2":"Kelvin","q3":"They spread outwards and move more freely than before. ","q4":"273 K.","q5":"The molecules become more loose and able to move more freely when above melting point as to being confined to limited space below melting point.","q6":"While gravitating closely together downward, still moving more freely than when solid.","q7":"373 K.","q8":"When below melting point, the molecules are tightly together. But when above melting point, the molecules move faster and space out.","q9":"They are spaced out and moving around slower but able to move further away from other molecules.","q10":"Liquid","q11":"The molecules are moving closer to each other and downward as you remove heat, and they move away from each other and circle around container instead of staying in one spot as you add heat.","q12":"Water gravitates downward just like the liquid molecules does. Also, water stores together like the liquid molecules. Water is different because all liquids are not water but water is a liquid. ","q13":"My predictions were correct.","q14":"The states of matter differ because a solid temperature has the lowest Kelvin temperature and molecules are tightly gravitating towards each other forming a figure, a liquid has a higher temperature than solid in Kelvin and the molecules all gravitating downward with more freedom to move while still being close together, and lastly a gas has the highest temperature than both solid and liquids and the molecules move freely and gravitate from each other.","q15":"The pressure rises as you add more molecules to it. ","q16":"The particles gravitate towards each other.","q17":"As I heat up the solid, the motion of the particles is more wider than as to be confined before. The pressure rises. ","q18":"As the pressure increase, the temperature rises causing the state of the substance to become less solid and move more freely. ","q19":"The pressure goes from increasing, then decreasing, and back increasing. Overall increasing.","q20":"The pressure rises because the space becomes too limited with a high temperature.","q21":"The lid pops off.","q22":"The float out of the container.","q23":"I have learned that solid has the lowest temperature in Kelvin and has a tight state with limited movement of the particles, and as it becomes a liquid, the temperature rises and has more room to move around while also still being close together and gravitating downward. Lastly, the gas state has the highest temperature and a state of very spacious particles that move around freely. Also the pressure rises with the temperatures."}