{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Aleria Griffin","p1":"The molecules are closely packed together, and they vibrate in place.","p2":"The molecules are farther apart than in a solid, and they can move around each other.","p3":"The molecules are very far apart, and they move freely.","q1":"The molecules are vibrating and closely packed together. There is a lot of space around the molecules.","q2":"It is shown in Kelvin.","q3":"The water molecules start to compress together.","q4":"The water molecules start close together and still. When it's at its melting point, the molecules start to vibrate. The melting point is 32 F. ","q5":"They start off at a standstill then when you increase the temperature, they start to vibrate but are still close together","q6":"The molecules are farther apart, can move around, and are not arranged in a pattern.","q7":"The boiling point is 212 F.","q8":"Below the boiling point, they are vibrating frequently. Above the boiling point, they are vibrating rapidly and slowly taking up space.","q9":"The molecules in a gas are even farther apart than in a liquid and move freely with no pattern at all.","q10":"Argon","q11":"Compact together and vibrating as a solid. A little bit apart but still vibrating as a liquid. Move around freely as a gas.","q12":"In solid state, both have a fixed position, with limited movement. In liquid state, both have more freedom to move, but they are still close together and touch each other. In gas state, both are spaced far apart and move freely in all directions. Their bonding is different.","q13":"My predictions were correct. The motions and spacing are exactly the same as what I predicted. Solids are packed together. Liquid has more freedom but still close together. Gas is farther apart with freedom to move however it wants.","q14":"The states of matter differ primarily in temperature, motion, and spacing of the particles. In solids, the particles are closely packed together and vibrate in fixed positions, resulting in a definite shape and volume. In liquids, the particles are still close but can move past one another, allowing liquids to take the shape of their container while maintaining a definite volume. In gases, particles are far apart and move freely at high speeds, filling the entire volume of their container and having neither a definite shape nor volume. As temperature increases, the energy of the particles also increases, leading to changes in state from solid to liquid to gas.  ","q15":"filling up more space and vibrates.","q16":"They stick to the substance because of the intermolecular forces that hold the particles together in a solid state.","q17":"pressure goes up and the particles move more freely.","q18":"Increasing temperature gives atoms and molecules more kinetic energy, helping them break bonds and move further apart. Similarly, decreasing temperature slows down particles and makes it easier for them to gain rigid structure. Increasing pressure forces particle together, while decreasing pressure lets them move away from each other.","q19":"pressure bounces from up and down. Increasing and decreasing.","q20":"pressure goes up.","q21":"All the particles burst out.","q22":"They move freely and out of the container.","q23":"Phase changes refer to the transitions between different states of matter: solid, liquid, and gas. These changes are influenced by temperature and pressure. In solids, particles are tightly packed in a fixed arrangement and vibrate in place. This results in a definite shape and volume. As temperature increases, particles gain energy and begin to move more freely, leading to the phase change from solid to liquid. In liquids, particles are close together but not in fixed positions, allowing them to slide past one another. This gives liquids a definite volume but no definite shape, as they take the shape of their container. Further increases in temperature can cause the liquid to change to a gas, where particles are much farther apart and move rapidly in all directions. In gases, particles are widely spaced and move independently, resulting in neither a definite shape nor volume. Changes in pressure can also affect phase changes; increasing pressure can push particles closer together, potentially causing a gas to condense into a liquid or a liquid to solidify into a solid."}