{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Kapatrick Fleming","p1":"The molecules will be closely packed together in a fixed arrangement, tightly bonded to one another.","p2":"The molecules will be more loosely arranged compared to a solid, allowing them to slide past one another while still remaining in close proximity.","p3":"The molecules will be widely spaced apart and move independently of one another, with little to no interaction. ","q1":"The solid phase of water exemplifies the properties of matter in a low-energy state. They vibrate slightly in place rather than moving freely. ","q2":"You can see the temperature readings increase.","q3":"As heat is added and the temperature rises, the energy of the molecules increases, causing them to vibrate more vigorously. The molecules gain enough energy to overcome some of the attractive forces that hold them in their fixed positions. ","q4":"The melting/freezing point of water in Kelvin is 273.15 K.","q5":"The spacing between the molecules is minimal, reflecting the orderly and rigid structure characteristic of solids. below the melting point, the molecules are tightly packed and vibrate, while above it, they become more widely spaced and move fluidly.","q6":"The molecules are relatively close together, but they are not as tightly packed as in the solid state. This keeps the molecules linked but not fixed in position.","q7":"The boiling/condensation point of water in Kelvin is 373.15 K.","q8":"The molecules are gaining energy and moving more vigorously, but they remain in the liquid phase. ","q9":"The molecules are widely spaced apart, much farther than in either the liquid or solid states. The water molecules in the gas phase are in constant, rapid motion. ","q10":"Oxygen","q11":"Molecules are closely packed together in a fixed arrangement. The particles vibrate in place but do not have the freedom to move past each other, resulting in a rigid structure.","q12":"Particle motion and spacing apply to both substances, the differences in molecular structure and intermolecular forces lead to distinct behaviors and properties in each state of matter.","q13":"The predictions regarding the behavior of oxygen in different states of matter were generally correct. It was anticipated that the motion and spacing of oxygen molecules would reflect typical gas, liquid, and solid behaviors, akin to those observed in water.","q14":"The states of matter differ significantly in terms of temperature, as well as the motion and spacing of their particles. In solids, such as solid oxygen, the particles are closely packed together and vibrate in fixed positions at lower temperatures, resulting in a definite shape and volume. The differences in particle motion and spacing, along with temperature changes, fundamentally define the characteristics of solid, liquid, and gaseous states of matter.","q15":"The pressure within the container increases. ","q16":"The pumped-in particles tend to stick to the substance due to intermolecular forces that arise from the interactions between the molecules of the surface of the substance.","q17":"Heating the solid not only enhances the motion of the particles but can also affect the pressure.","q18":"This motion is limited to vibration around fixed positions. However, as the temperature continues to rise, the solid can transition to a liquid state through melting.","q19":"As long as the temperature is increased and the volume of the system remains constant, the pressure will continue to rise in response to the increased motion and energy of the particles.","q20":"When you use your finger to push down on the container, the pressure inside the container increases. It fall apart","q21":"If you heat up the container too much, the pressure inside can rise to a dangerous level. the container will reach its maximum pressure tolerance and, an explosion will happen.","q22":"The particles will disperse in all directions.","q23":"In solids, particles are closely packed together in a fixed arrangement. They vibrate in place but do not move freely, resulting in a definite shape and volume. When a solid is heated to its melting point, it undergoes a phase change to a liquid. In this state, the particles are still close together but are no longer in fixed positions. They can slide past one another, allowing the liquid to flow and take the shape of its container. As temperature continues to rise, if pressure is increased or kept constant, the liquid can reach its boiling point and transition into a gas. "}