{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Cornelia Hogue","p1":"Molecules for a solid would probably be very knit together and have little to no room for movement.","p2":"A liquid's molecules would probably be less squeezed in than a solid, but would have room for some movement.\n","p3":"Gas's molecules would most likely be not touching and moving around freely.\n","q1":"In solid water, the molecules display themselves as almost unmovable and very close together.","q2":"The scale is reading 240 degrees K. \n","q3":"The spacing of the water molecules has increased making them cover more surface. The molecules' motion has increased to allow them to move more freely.","q4":"The melting and freezing point of water is 273 in Kelvin.","q5":"The difference is that below the melting point, the molecules are more tightly packed and are vibrating in place. Above the melting point, the molecules are covering more surface with their motion and become more spaced out.","q6":"When it is a liquid, the molecules are covering the entire bottom portion of the container, but they are all moving freely around the other molecules.","q7":"Boiling/condensation point is 373 in Kelvin.","q8":"Below the boiling point, the molecules are moving freely towards the bottom of the container. Above the boiling point, the molecules cover all spaces of the container with their movement.","q9":"When water is in gas form, the molecules are not limited to where they are able to move to. They cover the entire area of its container.","q10":"Neon","q11":"In a solid, the neon particles are in a tightly packed cube shape. If any movement is seen, it stays in its given area. During the liquid stage, the particles are more spaced out on the bottom of the container, having more freedom in its ability to move. Neon's gas's particles are moving throughout the entire container and are not limited to where they can move to.","q12":"Neon and water shared the same motion and spacing with the different stages of matter. From liquid to solid to gas they both increased in its spacing and motion. The only difference was the temperatures required for the two to be in different states of matter. For example, Neon was a gas at 56 K while water was in gas form at 430 K.","q13":"My predictions seemed to be correct, given that from solid molecules are limited to movement, water molecules have more movement, and gas molecules were moving freely around with the most movement out of the three. ","q14":"States of matter are different by their ability to move and their motion which are influenced based on their temperature. For water, at 14 K the molecules are tightly packed and have little to no motion. At 286 K, the molecules are moving with more space, and have more motion. At 430 K, the molecules are covering the entire surface area of the container and have the most motion out of the three temperatures.","q15":"Once pumping in new particles, the pressure increases.","q16":"The particles most likely stuck to the substance due to hydrogen bonding. Hydrogen's positive charge gets attracted to the negative charge of Oxygen.","q17":"To make the pressure increase the temperature increases with the state of the substance being less packed and able to move freely.\n","q18":"To make the pressure increase the temperature increases with the state of the substance being less packed and able to move freely.","q19":"If you continue to heat it, the pressure increases, and then fluctuates.","q20":"The pressure increases as the lid of the container is pushed down. I think this happens due to the particles having less room to move around, causing them to bounce off of each other and the walls at a higher rate. \n","q21":"The pressure from the molecules ends up overexerting the weight from the lid and cause the lid to repel off of the container.","q22":"If the container explodes, the particles move freely into the environment and the air outside of the container.","q23":"The states of matter are directly linked to the temperature and the motion of the particles. In a solid, the particles are tightly packed and move with little to no movement. As the temperature increases, the particles are able to gain more movement and move around the other particles, eventually revealing a liquid. As the temperature continues to rise, the particles are moving in full freedom and are spaced out widely, causing a gas to form. Pressure also plays a role in particle movement. With an increase in pressure, the particles exhibit more energy with movement. "}