{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Emma Trulove","p1":"I think the molecules in a solid will be still and tightly packed together. ","p2":"I think the molecules in a liquid will be slightly lose and very little spaced out with vibration movement. ","p3":"I think the molecules in a gas will be spaced out and all over the place. They will have a floating movement. ","q1":"The molecules are packed together with tiny holes throughout. It also appears that they have a vibration movement to them. ","q2":"The thermometer is showing 556 K.","q3":"The molecules are no longer packed together and are spinning all over the place.","q4":"The melting/freezing point of water in kelvin is 273.","q5":"Below its melting point there are tiny holes between the molecules, tiny vibration movement and still close together. Above melting point the molecules are starting to space out more and doing spinning vibration movement. ","q6":"When water is a liquid, the molecules are packed together and have a vibrating motion to them.","q7":"The boiling point of water is 373 K.","q8":"The water molecules below boiling are starting to space out and some are even spreading out to other areas. They are doing a spinning motion. The water molecules above boiling are packed together but also move together. If they start going to the side, then the rest will follow. Some go out and away from the group. They are still doing a spinning motion.","q9":"When the water molecules are a gas, they are not packed together. Most are spinning and separating. ","q10":"I have selected oxygen. ","q11":"When oxygen is a solid, they are packed together with vibrating movement. When oxygen is a liquid, they are still close together, but more movement is happening. It is still a vibrating movement, but they shift to one side and don't stay in the middle. When oxygen is a gas, the molecules are spread out like a floating movement. They aren't vibrating as much but are now spinning. ","q12":"Oxygen is similar to water in a solid because they both have a vibrating motion and are close together. Oxygen is similar to water in a liquid because they both vibrate as well but oxygen stays close together and shifts slowly to one side. Water is a little spaced out. Oxygen and water are similar in a gas because they are separated and look as if they are floating. However, water moves faster than oxygen.","q13":"I was right for the most part but molecules in a solid still have movement. ","q14":"The states of matter are different in motion and compacity. Solid state would be packed together with vibration movement verses a gas would be spread out floating around with a spinning movement. The more you increased the temperature the molecules would spread out. ","q15":"","q16":"","q17":"","q18":"","q19":"","q20":"","q21":"","q22":"","q23":""}