{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Evelyn Gonzalez","p1":"They will vibrate back and forth but not move past each other.","p2":"They will randomly slide past each other. ","p3":"They will randomly collide with each other. ","q1":"They are not so far apart. They are close together but not so tight and their movement is a bit fast.","q2":"158K","q3":"There is less space and they're more tight. The motion is different because they're rotating and turning all over each other. ","q4":"273.15 Kelvin","q5":"They are more tight and move around less below its melting point. Above its melting point, molecules aren't as close to each other and they move around freely/faster.","q6":"They are tightly packed and require less space but move around more in a random motion. ","q7":"373.15 Kelvin","q8":"Below its boiling point, they are slower and more tightly packed and above its boiling point, they are not as close and they move faster. ","q9":"They are way more further apart and they move very fast in a random motion. ","q10":"Argon ","q11":"As a solid, the particles are tightly packed and have barely any space between them. They move in a fixed position. As a liquid, the particles have slightly more space and move around freely while still being attracted. As a gas, the particles have a large space between them and they move freely in a random motion colliding with one another.  ","q12":"The difference with liquid is that with water, the molecules are tightly packed and with argon, the particles have slightly more space. Their similarity is that they move around more freely. The difference with gas is that with water, the molecules move faster in a random motion and with argon, they move freely colliding with one another but a bit slower. The similarity is that they are further apart and have more space between them. The difference with solid is that with water, the molecules are tightly packed together and with argon, they have relatively large spaces in between them. The similarity is that they both move in a fixed and organized position. ","q13":"Somewhat correct. ","q14":"Gases are separated and spread out. The higher the temperature, the faster the movement of the molecules. Liquids are not so close together but not so far apart either. The higher the temperature, the faster the particles move and have more vibration. Solids are very tightly packed, as their temperature increases, so does the space between them causing them to move further away from each other while remaining fixed.","q15":"The pressure increases. ","q16":"because the pumped in particles and the particles of the substance have attractive forces that holds them together.","q17":"The particles are stronger when you heat up the solid. They collide against each other with more force and their pressure increases too. ","q18":"When the molecules move faster and collide against each other, the pressure increases. When the temperature increases, the pressure also increases. ","q19":"It will continue to increase with the temperature.","q20":"The pressur","q21":"","q22":"","q23":""}