{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Sydney Hannaford","p1":"I think for a solid the molecules will be closely packed together in a fixed position.","p2":"I think for a liquid the molecules will be close together with a little space between them, but be moving around around. ","p3":"I think the molecules for gas will be spread apart and moving around.","q1":"The molecules are close together with a little bit of space. There are some holes between some of the molecules. They are moving around but not very much they are vibrating. ","q2":"When I add heat the thermometer is at 352K.","q3":"They are moving around a lot more and moving in circular motions a lot faster, and the molecules are closer together. ","q4":"The melting point in kelvin is 273.","q5":"When the temperature is below melting point the molecules are vibrating closely together witha little space. When the temperature is above melting point the molecules are moving faster in circular motions with little to no space between them at all.","q6":"When water is a liquid the molecules are moving fast some are moving in circles and some are vibrating, and they are really close together. ","q7":"373K","q8":"When water is a liquid above boiling point the molecules are all moving in circles around the container. Some are close together and some are moving away from the other molecules. When the water is below boiling point the molecules are still moving in circles, but they are staying closer together. ","q9":"The molecules are far apart from each other and moving all around the container.","q10":"Neon","q11":"When neon is a gas the molecules are far apart moving around the container, when it is a liquid they are close together with no space and vibrating, when it is a solid they are all in a square position vibrating but not moving around. ","q12":"Neon and water are the same as a gas they both move around the container with a lot of space. When they are a liquid they act the same also. They move around with little space. When they are a solid they are different. Neon is in a fixed position with no space and vibrates a little and water has holes are vibrates around. ","q13":"My prediction on solids and gas were right, but I was a little off on the liquid. The liquid was closer together than I expected. ","q14":"States of matter are very different, the molecules are close together in a solid and far apart when a gas, they move faster or slower according to what the temperature is, and the spacing is different for all states of matter. ","q15":"The pressure goes up the more particles you add. ","q16":"They stick together because of the force of the molecules. ","q17":"When you heat it up the particles move around faster and separate more and the pressure rises.","q18":"The temperature of the substance rises the pressure increases and the state of the particles change. ","q19":"The more you heat it up the more the pressure rises. ","q20":"The pressure increases the more you push down the lid, because you are decreasing the space of the container. ","q21":"The container explodes open because theres to much pressure inside.","q22":"The particles spill out of the container.","q23":"When theres not much pressure the solids stay in a fixed position with little movement. When pressure and temperature is increased the particles move around more and move faster in a liquid. When you increase the temperature a lot and the pressure the particles move around like gas fast with a lot of space in between. All states of matter are different. In a solid they are close together with little to no movement. In a liquid the molecules are super close together with no space but move around. In a gas the molecules move around a lot and have lots of space between them."}