{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Trinity Tedford","p1":"I think the molecules for a solid will look tightly compacted with little movement.","p2":"I think the molecules for a liquid will have more leeway in being able to move around. Not as tightly compacted as a solid. ","p3":"I think the molecules for a gas will look like a bunch of flies flying around. They'll be loosely floating around with no set state.","q1":"All of the molecules are acting like they want to be close with each other, and the spaces just look like little circles.  ","q2":"Kelvin","q3":"They begin to break apart, spinning faster, almost like the gas molecules. ","q4":"273.15K","q5":"The spaces are smaller, and the motion of the water molecules are more active. ","q6":"The spaces are smaller, and they are moving around amongst each other fairly quickly. ","q7":"373.15k","q8":"The molecules are very active, and the little spaces form each time they move but then go away as they're moving below boiling point. \n\nThe molecules are moving even faster as I go above the boiling point. The spaces are somewhat the same, but are getting bigger since the molecules keep moving around.  ","q9":"The molecules of gas are all over the place bouncing off the surface and the spacing is really wide and open.","q10":"Oxygen","q11":"As a solid, oxygen molecules are very tightly compacted, and the spaces are tiny. As a liquid, oxygen molecules are more relaxed looking, but they are moving faster than a solid with more wiggle room for some spaces to open up. Lastly, as a gas, oxygen molecules are floating around everywhere, but not as fast as a water molecule in gas form. ","q12":"Both oxygen and water are the same when it comes to how the molecules are supposed to be when becoming a solid, liquid or gas. A few differences were the shape of oxygen and water molecules, their spaces, and movement. Oxygen was slower in movement than water, had less spaces, and its shape was different as well. ","q13":"They were correct. ","q14":"A solid has a distinct shape and volume because its particles are densely packed in an ordered, fixed structure and only vibrate in that location. A solid turns into a liquid as the temperature rises because the particles acquire energy and begin to move more freely. Particles in a liquid state can pass one another while remaining close to one another, giving the liquid a defined volume while letting it to take on the shape of its container. The particles acquire even more energy, become extremely active, spread out, and turn into a gas as the temperature rises further. Particles in the gas state travel quickly and widely apart, helping the gas to expand and fill any container. It lacks a shape. ","q15":"It starts to go up","q16":"It's caused by dispersion forces, which causes them to attach to one another when coming close to on another. ","q17":"They begin to split up and float around. The pressure also goes up. ","q18":"Me increasing the heat causes the state of the substance to break apart and float around loosely, which makes the pressure increases. ","q19":"The pressure starts to increase more.","q20":"It drastically goes up. I think this happens because the particles and heat have nowhere to go so the pressure just builds up. ","q21":"The container explodes.","q22":"They quickly burst out of the container.","q23":"I've learned that phase changes and states of matter are fundamentally influenced by temperature and pressure, which affect the spacing and motion of particles. The particles in a solid are tightly compacted with little to no movement. Their spacing look like little circles, but when heated up they spread out and the pressure rises. Once I got the solid to its melting point that is when it starts looking like a liquid. The particles in a liquid are loosely compacted, with movement. A liquid spacing looks the same as if it were a liquid, but once heated up the particles begin to spread apart the spaces get wider, and the pressure goes up. When I got the liquid to a boiling point that's when the liquid water turned into a gas. This caused the particles to spread out and float around in the container. The spacing was very open since the particles weren't close together. Of course, as the temperature rise, so did the pressure. As the temperature got higher, the container eventually exploded causing the particles to burst out of the container. "}