{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Mekalah Dunn","p1":" The molecules in a solid are tightly packed together and vibrate in place.","p2":"The molecules in a liquid are close together but can move around each other.","p3":"The molecules in a gas are far apart and move randomly.\n","q1":"The water molecules in the solid state are closely packed together in a regular pattern, and they vibrate in place.","q2":"The thermometer is showing the Celsius scale.","q3":"As the temperature increases, the spacing between the water molecules increases, and their motion becomes more rapid and random.","q4":"The melting/freezing point of water is 273.15 K.","q5":"Below the melting point, the water molecules are closely packed and vibrate in place. Above the melting point, the molecules are more spread out and move more freely.","q6":"In liquid water, molecules are relatively close together but not in a fixed arrangement. ","q7":"The boiling/condensation point of water is 373.15 K.\n","q8":"Below the boiling point, water molecules are closer together and move less rapidly. Above the boiling point, they are farther apart and move much faster.\n","q9":"In gaseous water, molecules are far apart and move randomly at high speeds.\n","q10":"solid","q11":"In solids, particles are closely packed and vibrate in place, so they have a definite shape and volume.","q12":"higher densities compared to liquids and gases because their particles are more tightly packed.","q13":"solids will maintain their shape and not flow, unlike liquids and gases.","q14":"States of matter differ in the spacing and motion of their particles.  Solids have tightly packed, slow-moving particles; liquids have closely spaced, more mobile particles; and gases have widely spaced, rapidly moving particles.  ","q15":"When you pump new particles into a container, the pressure increases because there are more particles colliding with the container walls per unit of time.","q16":"The pumped-in particles stick to the substance due to intermolecular forces of attraction, such as van der Waals forces or hydrogen bonds. ","q17":"Heating a solid increases the kinetic energy of its particles, causing them to vibrate more. ","q18":"As a substance is heated, its temperature increases.  If heated enough, it will change state","q19":"Continuing to heat the substance will further increase the pressure, as the particles gain more kinetic energy and move more rapidly.","q20":"Pushing down on the container with a finger compresses the substance, reducing its volume and increasing the frequency of particle collisions with the container walls, thus increasing the pressure.","q21":"Heating or compressing the container too much can cause it to rupture or explode due to the excessive pressure exerted by the particles.\n","q22":"If the container explodes, the particles will be released into the surrounding environment, spreading out rapidly.","q23":"Phase changes involve transitions between solid, liquid, and gas states.  These transitions are driven by changes in temperature and pressure.  In solids, particles are tightly packed and vibrate in place.  Liquids have more particle movement and less defined structure. Gases have widely spaced particles moving freely and rapidly. "}