{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Emily Smith","p1":"In the solid state, the molecules will be tightly packed together. They will vibrate in place but not move around. ","p2":"In the liquid state, the molecules will still be close together, but they will have more freedom to move past each other so the liquid can flow and take the shape of its container.","p3":"In the gas state, the molecules will be spread far apart and move rapidly in all directions, filling the entire space of its container.","q1":"- I see that the molecules are closely packed together.\n- The molecules do not move around or change positions. The molecules just vibrate within their fixed positions. \n","q2":"The thermometer in the simulation is showing the Kelvin temperature scale. ","q3":"As the temperature increases, the water molecules move faster and spread out more. The molecules start to move past each other, and the spacing between them gets larger.","q4":"The melting/freezing point of water is 273.15 K.","q5":"Below the melting point, the water molecules are tightly packed and only vibrate in place. Above the melting point, the molecules move past each other and spread out more as they change into a liquid state. ","q6":"In the liquid state, the water molecules are close together but can move around. They slide past each other, allowing the liquid to flow.","q7":"The boiling/condensation point of water is 373.15 K","q8":"Below the boiling point, the water molecules are close together and move past each other. Above the boiling point, the molecules spread apart and move quickly as they turn into a gas.","q9":"The molecules are far apart and move quickly in all directions.","q10":"I chose Neon","q11":"Solid:\nSpacing- The Neon atoms are very close together in a regular, tight arrangement.\nMotion: The atoms vibrate in place but don’t move around, they are held in fixed positions \n\nLiquid:\nSpacing- The Neon atoms are still close together, but they are not in a fixed arrangement.\nMotion: The atoms can move past each other and flow.\n\nGas:\nSpacing- The Neon atoms are far apart with much more space between them.\nMotion: The atoms move rapidly in all directions, filling the entire container and moving freely.","q12":"Solid:\nSimilar- Both have particles packed tightly and vibrating in place.\nDifferent- Water has a more organized structure, while Neon is more random.\nLiquid:\nSimilar- Both have particles that are close but can move around.\nDifferent- Water molecules are more attracted to each other, so they stick together more. Neon atoms can move more freely.\nGas:\nSimilar- Both have particles that are spread out and moving quickly in all directions.\nDifferent: Neon moves faster, while water molecules move a bit slower.","q13":"My predictions were correct. In the solid state, the molecules are tightly packed and vibrate in place. In the liquid state, the molecules move past each other, allowing the liquid to flow, and in the gas state, the molecules are far apart and move rapidly in all directions, filling the entire container.","q14":"The states of matter change depending on temperature and how the particles move. In a solid, the particles are packed closely together, barely move, and have low energy. As the temperature goes up, the particles start moving more freely and spread out, turning into a liquid where they can slide past each other. When the temperature increases even more, the particles move quickly, spread far apart, and fill the entire space as a gas.","q15":"When you pump in more particles, the pressure increases.","q16":"The pumped-in particles stick to the substance because the particles are attracted to each other. These attractions help them stay together. ","q17":"When you heat up the solid, the particles start to move faster and vibrate more and the pressure increases. ","q18":"When the pressure increases the temperature also increases. The particles move faster and collide harder. The substance says in the same state unless the temperature raises high enough to cause phase change. ","q19":"If you continue to heat a substance, the pressure will increase. This happens because the particles move faster and hit the container walls more often and harder as the temperature rises. ","q20":"When you push down on a container with your finger, the pressure inside the container increases. I think this happens because its creating a force. ","q21":"If you heat the container too much, or push down too much the pressure inside increases, and the container burst.","q22":"If the container explodes, the particles inside quickly spread out in all directions. ","q23":"States of Matter:\n\nSolid: In solids, particles are packed closely together and only vibrate in place. This happens at low temperatures and higher pressure.\nLiquid: In liquids, particles are still close but can move around each other. Liquids take the shape of their container and occur at moderate temperatures and pressures.\nGas: In gases, particles are far apart and move quickly in all directions. This happens at high temperatures and low pressures.\nPhase Changes:\n\nMelting: When a solid turns into a liquid by adding heat.\nFreezing: When a liquid becomes a solid by removing heat.\nBoiling/Evaporation: When a liquid turns into a gas by adding heat.\nCondensation: When a gas turns into a liquid by removing heat.\nSublimation: When a solid turns directly into a gas by adding heat.\nDeposition: When a gas turns directly into a solid by removing heat."}