{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Dylan Webb","p1":"The molecules will be extremely close together in a solid.","p2":"The molecules will be farther apart in a liquid, but still close.","p3":"The molecules in a gas will be extremely far apart.","q1":"The molecules are pretty close, but have plenty of gaps between them. They're all shaking around.","q2":"It is showing in Kelvin.","q3":"When you increase the temperature, the molecules start separating from each other and shaking more wildly, spinning around. ","q4":"273","q5":"Right before, the molecules are just shaking and still closely held together, but just above some will start drifting away and they begin spinning rapidly.","q6":"They are still close together but spin/shake more than when it is a solid. The entire subject also moves alot more as a result, not staying in a single place like it did as a solid.","q7":"370-374","q8":"Below the molecules are staying together and above it the molecules start to separate far away from one another.","q9":"The molecules are all floating separately from each other, occasionally bumping into another, and all are spinning.","q10":"Argon","q11":"As a solid, the particles are held tightly together in an organized manner, hardly shaking. As a liquid, the particles are shaking more and further apart, with some stray particles as well. As a gas, they are spread far apart.","q12":"First of all, it contains particles and not molecules, so if they are spinning I can't tell. As a liquid, it has more stray particles that water didn't have. Other than that, they're the same in every form.","q13":"They were correct for the most part, but I didn't predict liquid would have stray particles the way it did.","q14":"States of matter differ in their particle spacing and how the particles move. Temperature affects whether or not they start to separate from each other and how each particle moves individually (such as intensity of their spinning and/or shaking).","q15":"The particles bump together and the tightly organized mass of particles starts to fall apart/move.","q16":"Since they are the same, they stick together due to cohesion.","q17":"The pressure increases with the temperature and the particles start to move around more rapidly.","q18":"The temperature causing the particles to move around rapidly and spread apart in a contained space makes the pressure increase.","q19":"The pressure reaches an overload point and the lid flies off.","q20":"The pressure increases. This is because there's less space for the particles.","q21":"The lid of the container comes off.","q22":"They disperse outside of the container.","q23":"The state of matter affects how the particles move in a substance and how closely held together they are, with solids being very close together, liquids close together with stray particles, and gases very far apart. Temperature will effect how the particles move and when they separate (like with water, when water boils and becomes steam, a gas). In phase changes, temperature can increase the pressure until the container of the substance bursts, unable to contain the rapidly moving separating particles anymore. Pushing down and  decreasing the space in the container also increases the pressure and can result in the same thing."}