{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Abdulfatah Alkhnshally","p1":"In a solid the molecules will be tightly packed and barely move.","p2":"In a liquid the molecules will be somewhat spread out but still close together.","p3":"In a gas the molecules will be very spread out and will move freely in all directions.","q1":"The molecules in solid and are closely packed together in a fixed pattern, they vibrate slightly but do not move freely.","q2":"Kelvin, K","q3":"the molecules moved faster and their spacing increases and got close to each other.","q4":"273 K","q5":"Below the melting point the water molecules are closely packed and fixed in shape. Above the melting point the molecules move more freely and spread out.","q6":"water molecules are still close together but can slide past one another, the molecules move more freely than in a solid.","q7":"373.15 K","q8":"Below the boiling point the water molecules are close together and move relatively slowly, Above the boiling point the molecules move rapidly and spread out.","q9":"water molecules are very far apart and move rapidly in random directions.","q10":"Oxygen.","q11":"In the solid oxygen molecules are tightly packed together in a fixed arrangement and vibrate slightly. In the liquid the molecules are still close together but can move around and slide past each other. In the gas oxygen molecules are far apart and move rapidly in all directions","q12":"The motion and spacing of oxygen particles are similar to water in that both substances have tightly packed particles in solids. The difference is that oxygen has a much lower boiling point than water, meaning the transitions between solid, liquid, and gas occur at lower temperatures.","q13":"mostly correct but not completely.","q14":"States of matter are different based on the spacing and motion of particles. In solids particles are closely packed and vibrate in place. In liquids particles are close together but can move freely. In gases particles are far apart and move rapidly, temperature affects the motion and spacing.","q15":"increases.","q16":"they interact with the particles already present in the substance through forces. ","q17":"the molecules vibrate faster and spread out.","q18":"As the temperature increases the molecules move faster causing the pressure to increase.","q19":"Increases.","q20":"The pressure increases, the volume of the gas decreases.","q21":"the container exploded.","q22":"rapidly spread out and move freely in all directions.","q23":"the phase changes occur due to changes in temperature and pressure which affect the spacing and motion of particles. In solids particles are close together and vibrate in place. In liquids particles are still close but can move freely. In gases particles are spread out and move rapidly. When temperature increases particles gain energy and can change phases."}