{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Adrienne Vaughan","p1":"Molecules with be really close to each other. ","p2":"Molecules will still be close together but will move around a bit","p3":"Molecules will be far apart and move around ","q1":"With solid molecules were packed close together as predicted. With liquid molecules were close but moved around a bit as well the motion of the molecules seemed to be in a circular motion. Gas molecules moved freely and were spaced out as predicted but they also seemed to move in circular patterns.","q2":"Kelvin","q3":"The spacing doesn’t seem to change much but the movement of the molecules seemed to speed up. ","q4":"273.15K","q5":"When the molecules are below the melting point they are a bit spaced out. When above melting point molecule move closer together and move more rapidly.","q6":"As a liquid molecules perform the same. Spaced out a bit with slight movement below melting point and when above melting point the move closer together and move more rapidly.","q7":"373.15 K","q8":"Water molecules in liquid state move rapidly the closer you get to boiling point. Once above boiling point water molecules start to move more like a gas. ","q9":"Water molecules move freely and rapidly as a gas. When below boiling point they move closer together, but when a above boiling point they move more rapidly and are more spaced out.","q10":"Argon","q11":"When argon molecules are solid they packed closely together. As a liquid they are close together but are moving around a bit. As a gas they a spaced and move around freely","q12":"","q13":"They were all correct ","q14":"matter differ in molecule spacing, motion, and temperature. In solids, molecules are tightly packed and moving in place at lower temperatures. In liquids, molecules are still close together but can slide past each other a bit, allowing more movement at moderate temps. In gases, molecules are far apart and move freely at high temperatures.","q15":"It increases ","q16":"","q17":"The pressure increases while the particles start to separate and move more freely ","q18":"If the temp rises the pressure increases. Changing the temp causes the state of the particles to change such as solid to liquid. ","q19":"It will continue to rise there was some staggering at a few points but the pressure continues to rise.","q20":"The pressure rises I believe because reducing the volume or space gives the particles less space to move around. ","q21":"It will explode","q22":"They’ll be released into the environment ","q23":"In solids, particles are closely packed together and moving in fixed positions. This happens at low temperatures and high pressure.In liquids, particles are still close but can slide past each other a bit. This state occurs at moderate temperatures and pressures. In gases, particles are far apart and move freely at high temperatures and low pressures. This state has no definite shape or volume, and expands to fill up thee container. The increased energy from high temps lead to more rapid particle movement, which can increase pressure when volume is contained. Overall, phase changes, such as melting, freezing, boiling, the influencers of states."}