{"labName":"States Of Matter Lab","userName":"Marquavius Bates","p1":"In a solid, the molecules will be closely packed together, vibrating in place but not moving around. The motion will be very limited, mostly just small vibrations.","p2":"In a liquid, the molecules will be a bit more spread out compared to a solid, and they will move around and slide past each other. There will still be some attractions between them, but they will be able to move more freely.","p3":"In a gas, the molecules will be far apart and will move rapidly in all directions. They will have very little attraction to each other and will spread out to fill the container.","q1":"The molecules are closely packed together, moving very little, mostly vibrating. They are in a fixed position and do not slide past each other.","q2":"he thermometer is showing the Kelvin scale.","q3":"As the temperature increases, the molecules gain energy and begin to move faster. The spacing between the molecules increases as the water starts to transition from a solid to a liquid and then to a gas.","q4":"he melting/freezing point of water is 273.15 K.","q5":"Below the melting point, the molecules are tightly packed, vibrating in place. Above the melting point, the molecules have more space between them and can move past each other, turning the substance into a liquid.","q6":"In a liquid, the molecules are still relatively close together, but they can slide past one another. The motion is faster than in a solid but slower than in a gas.","q7":"The boiling/condensation point of water is 373.15 K.","q8":"Below the boiling point, the molecules are still close together and can move past one another as a liquid. Above the boiling point, the molecules move much faster and are far apart as they transition into a gas.","q9":"In a gas, the molecules are very far apart and move rapidly in all directions. The motion is random and energetic, and there is little attraction between the molecules.","q10":"I selected carbon dioxide.","q11":"As a solid, the molecules are tightly packed and vibrate in place. As a liquid, the molecules are slightly spread out, moving past each other. As a gas, the molecules are far apart and move rapidly in all directions.","q12":"The movement and spacing are similar in that both chemicals have closely packed molecules when solid, more loosely packed molecules when liquid, and rapidly moving, far-spaced molecules when gas. The difference is the exact temperature ranges for each chemical's phase changes because carbon dioxide has different phase change temperatures than water.","q13":"The predictions were quite accurate. I predicted that in a solid, molecules would vibrate in place, in a liquid, they would move past each other, and in a gas, they would move rapidly and spread out.","q14":"Phases of matter depend on the energy and temperature of the substance. Particles in solids are closely packed and vibrate in position. As the temperature increases, particles gain greater freedom of movement, and in liquids, they can slide past one another. When the temperature increases even more, particles in gases are far apart and move rapidly in all directions.","q15":"The pressure increases because the particles are colliding more often with the walls of the container.","q16":"The pumped-in particles stick to the substance because of intermolecular forces, which attract particles to one another.","q17":"As the solid heats up, the particles start moving faster, and the pressure increases due to more collisions between the particles and the walls of the container.","q18":"The temperature increases, and the particles move faster and more freely, causing the pressure to rise due to more frequent collisions.","q19":"If you continue to heat the substance, the pressure will continue to increase until the substance transitions into a gas.","q20":"The pressure increases because you are reducing the volume of the container, causing the particles to collide more frequently.","q21":"If you heat it up too much or compress it too much, the container may explode due to the pressure buildup.","q22":"If the container explodes, the particles rapidly spread out and move freely, transitioning to a gas state.","q23":"I learned that changes in phase depend on the temperature and pressure of a substance. In solids, particles are close to each other and vibrate in position. At higher temperature, particles gain freedom of movement, and the substance becomes liquid. More heat causes particles to travel fast and scatter, and the substance turns into a gas. Pressure increases at higher temperatures and particle motion, and lesser volume increases pressure. Phase changes happen at specific temperatures, and the motion and spacing of the particles change as the material goes from solid to liquid to gas."}